Found a secret!
发现一处秘密！

Are you sure you want to quit?
你确定要退出吗？

Crawled outta' the cave, didja..
要爬出山洞，是嘛……

Do you feel like a hero yet?
你觉得自己像个英雄吗？

Are you in love with Hedon yet?
你已经爱上赫顿了吗？

Off so soon?
这么快就走了？

Think that axe you hurled at the skybox will some day return?
你以为那把扔向天空盒的斧头有一天会回来吗？

You can't play Hedon if you head off.
如果你头也不回地走了，你就再也无法玩赫顿了。

You can leave your head on.
你可以把脑袋留下。

You'll find plenty of ammo, health and armor. Enemies are weaker and less numerous. Keys, important texts and locations that require quest items are marked on the map, making for easier exploration and puzzle solving.
你会找到大量的弹药、健康包和护甲。敌人更弱且数量更少。地图上标注了钥匙、重要的可读物和所需任务物品的地点，以便更容易的探索和解谜。

Normal difficulty, recommended for most players. Enemies are slightly less resilient, and ammo is slightly more plentiful. Important readables are marked on the map, aiding with exploration and puzzle solving.
普通难度，推荐给大多数玩家。敌人的抵抗稍弱，弹药略多一些。地图上标注了重要的可读物，以帮助探索和解谜。

Enemies have full strength and you'll have to better manage your ammo and consumables. Important texts have highlighted keywords to aid with puzzles and exploration. Recommended for skilled players.
敌人会使出全力，你必须更好地管理你的弹药和消耗品。重要的可读物会高亮关键词，以帮助解谜和探索。推荐给熟练的玩家。

Enemies deal 50% more damage and there is less ammo laying in the open. Exploration and puzzles are as challenging as they can be. Fit for those who really want to test their survival skill and wit.
敌人造成的伤害增加50%，且开阔处的弹药少了一些。探索和谜题都具有挑战性。适合那些真正想测试自己生存技能和智慧的玩家。

A chaotic difficulty that shifts gameplay towards more combat and carnage. There are new monster spawns, higher tier enemies appear earlier and are stronger and more aggressive than usual. However, you also get the weapons, consumables and ammo required to put them down. You may also encounter a few additional companions along the way.
一种狂乱的难度，其玩法会倾向更多的战斗和杀戮。有更多新怪物出现，高阶敌人提前登场，而且比平时更强、更具攻击性。然而，你也能得到打倒它们所需的武器、消耗品和弹药。你也可能在途中遇到几位额外的同伴。

You can't use guns, but you get access to a new set of melee weapons to help you overcome this challenge! Monster strength is normal but spawns are similar to Brutalizing. You may also find a few additional companions. Perfect for second playthroughs.
你不能使用枪械，但可以获得一套新的近战武器，以帮助你克服这一挑战！怪物强度是普通级的，但数量跟狂暴难度相似。你也可能找到几位额外的同伴。非常适合二周目通关。

Got a hefty Axe.
得到了一把重斧。

Picked up a Boltmag.
拾取了一支弹夹。

Got a Crushbow.
得到了一把重击弩。

Got a Crylance.
得到了一把水晶长矛。

Got a Fire Hammer.
得到了一把火锤。

Got a nice pair of fists there...
从那得到了一双不错的拳套……

Got a Force Pike.
得到了一把力量长矛。

Picked up a Fragfire Can.
拾取了一瓶碎火罐。

Picked up a half full Fragfire Can.
拾取了半瓶碎火罐。

Got a Fragfire Gun.
得到了一把碎火枪。

Got a Great Axe.
得到了一把巨斧。

Got a Hatchet and Shield.
得到了一把战斧和一枚盾牌。

Got a Hellclaw.
得到了一只地狱爪。

Picked up an Ammo Box.
拾取了一个弹药箱。

Picked up an Ammo Belt.
拾取了一条弹药带。

Picked up a Bullet.
拾取了一颗子弹。

Got a Paingun.
得到了一把痛击枪。

Picked up a Box of Acid Potions.
拾取了一个酸药盒。

Got a Potion Launcher.
得到了一把药水发射器。

Picked up a Box of Toxic Potions.
拾取了一个毒药盒。

Got a Potion Launcher loaded with few Toxic Potions.
得到了一把装有少量毒药的药水发射器。

Got a Potion Launcher loaded with few Acid Potions.
得到了一把装有少量酸药的药水发射器。

Picked up a Box of Frost Potions.
拾取了一个冰霜药盒。

Got a Potion Launcher loaded with few Frost Potions.
得到了一把装有少量冰霜药水的药水发射器。

Picked up a Spike Mag.
拾取了一支尖刺弹夹。

Got a Spike Gun.
得到了一把尖刺枪。

Recharged your Storm Staff from a mana mote.
使用了一个魔力结晶为你的风暴法杖充能。

Got a Storm Staff.
得到了一只风暴法杖。

Ate a cream fungus.
吃了一个奶油菌。

Ate a hunk of smoked ham.
吃了一大块烟熏火腿。

Drank a jug of wine.
喝了一壶葡萄酒。

Ate some Cheese.
吃了一些奶酪。

Drank a pint of mead.
喝了一品脱的蜜酒。

Charged your Armor Amulet with a Power Shard.
使用了一块能量碎片给你的装甲护符充能。

Equipped a Light Armor Amulet.
装备了一枚轻甲护符。

Equipped a Medium Armor Amulet.
装备了一枚中甲护符。

Equipped a Heavy Armor Amulet!
装备了一枚重甲护符！

Equipped an Overcharged Armor Amulet!!!
装备了一枚过载的装甲护符！！！

Ate a bowl of stew.
吃了一碗炖菜。

Drank a Potion of Minor Healing.
喝了一瓶弱效治疗药水。

Drank a much needed Potion of Minor Healing.
喝了一瓶急需的弱效治疗药水。

Drank a Potion of Healing.
喝了一瓶治疗药水。

Drank a much needed Potion of Healing.
喝了一瓶急需的治疗药水。

Ate a loaf of bread.
吃了一条面包。

Drank a skin of spring water.
喝了一捧泉水。

Drank a bottle of plum brandy.
喝了一瓶梅子白兰地。

Drank a bottle of apple cider.
喝了一瓶苹果酒。

Ate an apple.
吃了一个苹果。

Ate a leek.
吃了一根韭葱。

Ate a plate of polenta.
吃了一盘玉米糊。

Ate a plate of salted meat.
吃了一盘咸肉。

Drank a Potion of Greater Healing.
喝了一瓶强化治疗药水。

Drank a much needed Potion of Greater Healing.
喝了一瓶急需的强化治疗药水。

Ate a tomato.
吃了一个番茄。

Ate some grapes.
吃了一些葡萄。

Consumed a Green Crystal.
消耗了一颗绿水晶。

Consumed a couple of Green Crystals.
消耗了几颗绿水晶。

Ate a baked potato.
吃了一个烤土豆。

Ate a sausage.
吃了一根香肠。

Drank a bottle of ale.
喝了一瓶麦芽酒。

Drank a bottle of wine.
喝了一瓶葡萄酒。

Ate a plate of fried duck.
吃了一盘炸鸭。

Ate a sand nut.
吃了一颗沙地坚果。

Ate a roasted chick.
吃了一只烤鸡。

Picked up an Iron Key.
拾取了一把铁钥匙。

Picked up a Stone Key.
拾取了一把石钥匙。

Picked up a Vine Key.
拾取了一把藤蔓钥匙。

Picked up an Axe Key.
拾取了一把斧钥匙。

Picked up an Earth Key.
拾取了一把大地钥匙。

Picked up a Crystal Key.
拾取了一把水晶钥匙。

Picked up a withered Vine Key.
拾取了一把枯藤钥匙。

Picked up a Copper Key.
拾取了一把铜钥匙。

Picked up a Golden Key.
拾取了一把黄金钥匙。

Picked up a bloody Axe Key.
拾取了一把血斧钥匙。

Picked up a Dark Key.
拾取了一把暗影钥匙。

Picked up a Blood Key.
拾取了一把血钥匙。

Picked up an Iron Pickaxe.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一把铁镐。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Power Core.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个能量核心。  (任务物品)

Gathered a Moondrop Flower.   (Quest Item)
收集了一朵月露花。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Scroll of Dispel Magic.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个驱魔卷轴。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Purple Root.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个紫色根茎。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Bowl of Pigment.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一碗颜料。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Bowl of Fae Dust.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一碗妖精之尘。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Red Crystal.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗红水晶。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Can of Enchanted Purple Ink.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一罐附魔紫墨水。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Toolkit.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个工具箱。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Iron Ingot.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块铁锭。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Mithril Ingot.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块秘银锭。  (任务物品)

Picked up a lump of Iron Ore.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块铁矿石。  (任务物品)

Picked up a lump of Mithril Ore.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块秘银矿石。  (任务物品)

Picked up an empty Gear Mould.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个空的齿轮模具。  (任务物品)

Picked up a filled Gear Mould.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个填充的齿轮模具。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Mithril Gear.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个秘银齿轮。  (任务物品)

Picked up the Book of Earth.   (Quest Item)
拾取了大地之书。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Shovel.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一把铲子。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Wooden Plank.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块木板。  (任务物品)

Picked up some Vine.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一些藤蔓。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Cyan Crystal.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗青水晶。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Keg of Dragonbrew.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个龙酿酒桶。  (任务物品)

Picked up a bar of Hot Iron.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块热铁块。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Iron Lever.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个铁制杠杆。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Jar of Corrosive Acid.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一罐腐蚀酸液。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Hunk of Flesh.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一大块肉。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Earth Figurine.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个土之雕像。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Water Figurine.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个水之雕像。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Air Figurine.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个空之雕像。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Fire Figurine.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个火之雕像。  (任务物品)

Picked up the Fire Fragment.   (Quest Item)
拾取了火之碎片。  (任务物品)

Picked up the Water Fragment.   (Quest Item)
拾取了水之碎片。  (任务物品)

Picked up the Earth Fragment.   (Quest Item)
拾取了土之碎片。  (任务物品)

Picked up the Air Fragment.   (Quest Item)
拾取了空之碎片。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Empty Potion Bottle.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个空药水瓶。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Mana Potion.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一瓶魔力药水。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Shovel.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一把铲子。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Sledgehammer.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一把巨锤。  (任务物品)

Picked up a bottle of Fire Oil.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一瓶火油。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Ancient Dictionary.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一本古籍词典。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Spirit Gem.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗灵石。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Body Gem.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗肉身宝石。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Mind Gem.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗心灵宝石。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Soul Stone.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗灵魂石。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Password Scroll.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个密码卷轴。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Psi Crown.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个心灵王冠。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Psishroom.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个灵菇。  (任务物品)

Picked up a gold coin.
拾取了一枚金币。

Picked up a small stack of gold coins.
拾取了一小叠金币。

Picked up a stack of gold coins.
拾取了一叠金币。

Picked up a large stack of gold coins.
拾取了一大叠金币。

Picked up a Giant Ruby.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗巨型红宝石。  (任务物品)

Picked up a lump of Dark Iron Ore.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块暗铁矿石。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Intel Scroll.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个情报卷轴。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Mysterious Recipe.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个神秘配方。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Dwarven Lockbox.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个矮人锁箱。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Scroll Case.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个卷轴箱。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Dwarven Mask.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个矮人面具。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Empty Dwarven Tank.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个空的矮人储罐。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Dwarven Tank.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个矮人储罐。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Dwarven Suit.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一件矮人服装。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Seed of Corruption.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个腐化之种。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Special Containment Jar.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个特殊容器罐。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Large Shell Warhead.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一枚大型弹头。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Large Shell Casing.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一枚大型弹壳。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Large Shell.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一枚大型炮弹。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Squirming Sand Nut.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗蠕动的沙地坚果。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Crimson Salt Rock.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块赤红盐岩。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Chaotic Device.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个混沌装置。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Charged Chaotic Device.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个充能的混沌装置。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Pendant of True Sight.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个真视吊坠。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Pendant of True Sight (Rebel).   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个真视吊坠(反抗者)。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Pendant of True Sight (Servant).   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个真视吊坠(侍从)。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Winch Wheel.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个绞盘轮。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Bag of Yeast.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一袋酵母。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Orc Doll.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个兽人玩偶。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Primarch Avatar.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个原教化身。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Soul Key Fragment.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一枚灵魂钥匙碎片。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Ritual Dagger.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一把仪式匕首。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Piece of Perfumed Cloth.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块香味布。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Lock of Hair.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一绺头发。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Cursed Chalice.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个受诅咒的圣杯。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Cursed Chalice (Blood).   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个受诅咒的圣杯(血)。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Cursed Chalice (Oil).   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个受诅咒的圣杯(油)。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Scroll of Enchant Trinket.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个附魔饰品卷轴。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Sacrificial Sword.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一把献祭之剑。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Mithril Chisel.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一把秘银凿子。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Cursed Chalice (Mana).   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个受诅咒的圣杯(魔力)。  (任务物品)

Picked up a few bags of Arcane Salts.   (Quest Item)
拾取了几袋秘盐。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Hog Liver.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一块猪肝。  (任务物品)

Picked up a bottle of Deadly Poison.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一瓶致命毒药。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Sleeping Potion.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一瓶安眠药水。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Elixir of Life.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一瓶生命药剂。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Elixir of Death.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一瓶死神药剂。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Anointed Phylactery.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个圣约封印。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Angel Feather.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一根天使羽毛。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Crimson Salt Statue.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一座赤红盐雕像。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Pit Lord Head.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一颗深渊领主头颅。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Depleted Armor Amulet.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一枚耗尽魔力的盔甲护符。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Mortar of Earth Pigment.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一个大地颜料研钵。  (任务物品)

Picked up a bowl of Scribe Embers.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一碗抄写者余烬。  (任务物品)

Picked up an Iron-Bound Tome.   (Quest Item)
拾取了一本铁封典籍。  (任务物品)

Picked up a Vial of Healing.
拾取了一瓶治疗药剂。

Picked up a Fixer's Dark Vision Goggles.
拾取了一副修复者的暗视护目镜。

Picked up a Potion of Stoneskin.
拾取了一瓶石肤药水。

Picked up a Time Shard.
拾取了一个时间碎片。

Picked up a Scroll of Wizard's Eye.
拾取了一个巫师之眼卷轴。

Picked up an Elemental Ring.
拾取了一枚元素戒指。

Picked up a Potion of Might.
拾取了一瓶力量药水。

Picked up a Potion of Haste.
拾取了一瓶迅捷药水。

Picked up a Sentry Gun.
拾取了一把守卫枪。

Picked up an Amulet of Shadows.
拾取了一枚暗影护符。

Picked up a Choker of the Beast.
拾取了一个野兽颈圈。

Picked up a Bag of Holding. (Ammo & One Time Ammo Capacity Upgrade)
拾取了一个储物袋。(弹药和一次性弹药的容量升级)

Picked up a Bracer of the Revenant.
拾取了一副亡灵护腕。

Picked up a Mystery Potion.
拾取了一瓶神秘药水。

Picked up a Scroll of Inferno.
拾取了一个地狱火卷轴。

Picked up a Diving Suit.
拾取了一件潜水服。

Recharged your Diving Suit with an Air Tank.
使用了一个空气罐为潜水服充气。

Picked up a Charged Psi Crown.
拾取了一个充能的心灵王冠。

Picked up the Boots of Journey.
拾取了旅行之靴。

Picked up a Ring of the Red Monk.
拾取了一枚红僧之戒。

Picked up a Scroll of Magma Ball.
拾取了一个熔岩球卷轴。

Picked up a Scroll of Nourish.
拾取了一个滋养卷轴。

Picked up a Journal.
拾取了一本日志。

Picked up an Enchanted Purple Ink Recipe.
拾取了一份附魔紫墨水配方。

Picked up Great Forge Instructions.
拾取了大锻炉说明。

Picked up a Damp Note.
拾取了一张湿纸条。

Picked up a Mansion Sketch.
拾取了一幅庄园草图。

Added an Ancient City Map to the journal.
日志中增加了一幅古城地图。

Iron pickaxe - A simple iron pickaxe used for mining.   (Quest Item)
铁镐 - 用于采矿的简单铁制镐。  (任务物品)

Power Core - A crystal commonly used by the Iron Division Orcs to power their devices.   (Quest Item)
能量核心 - 铁军兽人常用的一种水晶，用于驱动他们的设备。  (任务物品)

Moondrop Flower - The pale petals of this eerie smelling flower glisten in the moon light.   (Quest Item)
月露花 - 这种散发着诡异香气的苍白花瓣在月光下泛着微光。  (任务物品)

Scroll of Dispel Magic - This spell attempts to remove magic effects from a certain object.   (Quest Item)
驱魔卷轴 - 这个法术试图从特定物体上移除魔法效果。  (任务物品)

Purple Root - This root is often used by alchemists and scribes to create pigment.   (Quest Item)
紫色根茎 - 这种根茎常被炼金术士与抄写者用来制作颜料。  (任务物品)

Bowl of Pigment - The mushy pigment reeks of an odd dirt-like smell.   (Quest Item)
一碗颜料 - 这团黏稠的颜料散发着奇特的泥土气息。  (任务物品)

Bowl of Fae Dust - The sparkly crystal powder feels warm to the touch.   (Quest Item)
一碗妖精之尘 - 闪亮的水晶粉末触感温暖。  (任务物品)

Red Crystal - This small crystal seems to produce an everlasting source of heat.   (Quest Item)
红水晶 - 这颗小水晶似乎能持续产生热量。  (任务物品)

Can of Enchanted Purple Ink - This ink is used by scribes to create spirit magic spell scrolls.   (Quest Item)
一罐附魔紫墨水 - 这种墨水被抄写者用来制作精神魔法卷轴。  (任务物品)

Toolkit - This box contains various tools used by the Fixers for maintenance work.   (Quest Item)
工具箱 - 这个箱子内装有修复者用于维护工作的各种工具。  (任务物品)

Iron Ingot - The heavy, cold bar is ready to be forged into a new shape.   (Quest Item)
铁锭 - 这根沉重冰冷的棒子已准备好被锻造成新的形状。  (任务物品)

Mithril Ingot - The oddly light bar gleams into the light.   (Quest Item)
秘银锭 - 这根异常轻盈的棒子在光线下泛着微光。  (任务物品)

Iron Ore - The rough ore needs to be smelt before it can be used.   (Quest Item)
铁矿石 - 这块粗糙的矿石需要熔炼后才能使用。  (任务物品)

Mithril Ore - This ore is highly sought after by blacksmiths for being able to create strong, lightweight items.   (Quest Item)
秘银矿石 - 这种矿石因能打造坚固轻便的物品而备受铁匠们追捧。  (任务物品)

Empty Gear Mould - The mould contains the negative shape of a gear, and is ready to be filled with the proper metal.   (Quest Item)
空的齿轮模具 - 模具内保留着齿轮的负形，已准备好填充合适的金属。  (任务物品)

Filled Gear Mould - The mould has been filled and the gear inside is hot and ready to be hammered on the anvil.   (Quest Item)
填充的齿轮模具 - 模具已被填满，内部齿轮正炽热待锤击。  (任务物品)

Mithril Gear - The gleaming gear looks as if it could support a large mechanism without the risk of breaking.   (Quest Item)
秘银齿轮 - 这枚泛着微光的齿轮仿佛能支撑庞大机械而无惧断裂。  (任务物品)

Book of Earth - This hefty manual contains numerous translations and incantations gathered along the ages by those who studied Earth Magic.   (Quest Item)
大地之书 - 这本厚重的手册收录了历代研究大地魔法者收集的大量翻译与咒语。  (任务物品)

Shovel - A simple shovel with a sturdy blade and a sharp iron edge.   (Quest Item)
铲子 - 一把配备坚固刀刃和锋利铁边的简单铲子。  (任务物品)

Wooden Plank - A well wrought wooden plank.   (Quest Item)
木板 - 一块工艺精湛的木质板材。  (任务物品)

Vine - A resilient string of vine. The rock tied at the end should make it easy to throw and coil.   (Quest Item)
藤蔓 - 一根坚韧的藤条，末端系着石头便于投掷和缠绕。  (任务物品)

Cyan Crystal - The glowing crystal emits warmth and strange magnetic waves.   (Quest Item)
青水晶 - 这颗发光的水晶散发温暖与奇异的磁波。  (任务物品)

Keg of Dragonbrew - The volatile scent piercing through the wood feels like it could either bring someone back from the dead or kill them.   (Quest Item)
龙酿酒桶 - 酒香穿透木桶的气息仿佛能让人起死回生或瞬间致死。  (任务物品)

Hot Iron - A gleaming bar of iron, ready to be shaped on the anvil.   (Quest Item)
热铁块 - 一根泛着光泽的铁条，已准备好在铁砧上塑形。  (任务物品)

Iron Lever - A crudely crafted lever that can hook onto gate activating mechanisms.   (Quest Item)
铁制杠杆 - 一块粗糙打造的杠杆，可钩住大门启动装置。  (任务物品)

Jar of Corrosive Acid - A large jar labelled with a menacing skull. Even the dark iron case seems to be slightly corroded by the acid inside.   (Quest Item)
一罐腐蚀酸液 - 贴着狰狞骷髅标签的大罐子。就连暗铁制成的容器似乎也被内部酸液轻微侵蚀。  (任务物品)

Hunk of Flesh - A bloody hunk of flesh. You are not entirely sure of its' origin, but you would rather not know anyway.   (Quest Item)
大块肉 - 一块鲜血淋漓的肉块。你不确定它的来源，但宁愿不知道。  (任务物品)

Earth Figurine - A coarse ritual statuette depicting Earth.   (Quest Item)
土之雕像 - 一尊粗犷的仪式雕像，描绘着大地之神。  (任务物品)

Water Figurine - A cold ritual statuette depicting Water.   (Quest Item)
水之雕像 - 一尊冰冷的仪式雕像，描绘着水流之神。  (任务物品)

Air Figurine - A finely crafted ritual statuette depicting Air.   (Quest Item)
空之雕像 - 一尊精雕的仪式雕像，描绘着天空之神。  (任务物品)

Fire Figurine - A dark ritual statuette depicting Fire.   (Quest Item)
火之雕像 - 一尊暗色的仪式雕像，描绘着火焰之神。  (任务物品)

Fire Fragment - A magical fragment instilled with the power of Fire.   (Quest Item)
火之碎片 - 蕴含火焰之力的魔法碎片。  (任务物品)

Water Fragment - A magical fragment instilled with the power of Water.   (Quest Item)
水之碎片 - 蕴含水流之力的魔法碎片。  (任务物品)

Earth Fragment - A magical fragment instilled with the power of Earth.   (Quest Item)
土之碎片 - 蕴含大地之力的魔法碎片。  (任务物品)

Air Fragment - A magical fragment instilled with the power of Air.   (Quest Item)
空之碎片 - 蕴含天空之力的魔法碎片。  (任务物品)

Empty Potion Bottle - An iron-capped recipient that can safely store any liquid inside.   (Quest Item)
空药水瓶 - 一个铁盖容器，可安全储存任何液体。  (任务物品)

Mana Potion - This potent magic water is broadly used by mages to restore their energy.   (Quest Item)
魔力药水 - 这种强力魔水被法师广泛用于恢复能量。  (任务物品)

Shovel - A plain shovel with a blade made from pig iron.   (Quest Item)
铲子 - 一把刀刃由猪铁制成的普通铲子。  (任务物品)

Sledgehammer - A massive hammer usually used to break rocks and walls.   (Quest Item)
巨锤 - 通常用来砸碎岩石和墙壁的巨大锤子。  (任务物品)

Fire Oil - This hot bottle is filled with a bright volatile oil.   (Quest Item)
火油 - 这个热瓶装满了明亮易燃的油。  (任务物品)

Ancient Dictionary - This tome translates words from an ancient human dialect into common demonic.   (Quest Item)
古籍词典 - 这本词典将古代人类方言翻译成通用恶魔语。  (任务物品)

Spirit Gem - The round shaped gem feels chilling to the touch.   (Quest Item)
灵石 - 这个圆形宝石触感冰冷。  (任务物品)

Body Gem - The square shaped gem weighs a lot more than it appears.   (Quest Item)
肉身宝石 - 这个方形宝石比看起来重得多。  (任务物品)

Mind Gem - The triangular shaped gem emits a numbing heat.   (Quest Item)
心灵宝石 - 这个三角形宝石散发着令人麻木的热量。  (任务物品)

Soul Stone - The smooth surface of the oval stone pulsates with the power of a trapped soul.   (Quest Item)
灵魂石 - 这个表面光滑的椭圆形石头散发着被囚禁灵魂的力量。  (任务物品)

Password Scroll - The oily paper is scribbled with random words.   (Quest Item)
密码卷轴 - 油腻的纸张上随意写满了随机词语。  (任务物品)

Psi Crown - This weird device can presumably allow the wearer to pass through psionic fields unharmed.   (Quest Item)
心灵王冠 - 这个奇特装置据说能让佩戴者无损地穿越精神力场。  (任务物品)

Psishroom - The ethereal fungus emits strange vibrations.   (Quest Item)
灵菇 - 这种缥缈的菌类会发出奇怪的震动。  (任务物品)

Gold Coins - Although gold isn't of much value within the Iron Division, it is always welcome when trading with outsiders.   (Quest Item)
金币 - 虽然黄金在铁军中价值不高，但与外界交易时始终受欢迎。  (任务物品)

Giant Ruby - The flawlessly cut gem bears the heritage of the ancient minotaurs.   (Quest Item)
巨型红宝石 - 完美切割的宝石承载着古代牛头人的血脉传承。  (任务物品)

Dark Iron Ore - This ore is renown for yielding a metal imprevious to heat.   (Quest Item)
暗铁矿石 - 这种矿石以能提炼出耐高温金属而闻名。  (任务物品)

Intel Scroll - A paper containing confidential information about enemy positions and logistics. A tactician would most likely be interested in it.   (Quest Item)
情报卷轴 - 一张包含敌方位置与后勤机密信息的纸。战术家很可能对此感兴趣。  (任务物品)

Mysterious Recipe - The moldy parchment holds unknown alchemical secrets. A potion maker could probably understand them better.   (Quest Item)
神秘配方 - 褐色泛黄的羊皮纸上记载着未知的炼金术秘密。药剂师或许能更清楚地解读它们。  (任务物品)

Dwarven Lockbox - This finely crafted box feels emburdened with goods. A skilled locksmith might be able to unlock it.   (Quest Item)
矮人锁箱 - 这个精工打造的箱子似乎装载了大量物资。技艺高超的锁匠或许能打开它。  (任务物品)

Scroll Case - This ornate scroll case is sealed with fire magic runes. A knowledgeable mage could find it valuable.   (Quest Item)
卷轴箱 - 这个华丽的卷轴箱以火系魔法符文封印。有知识的法师可能会发现它的价值。  (任务物品)

Dwarven Mask - The fancy looking mask has a reinforced glass visor and a pair of odd tubes curving beneath.   (Quest Item)
矮人面具 - 这个精致的面具配有强化玻璃面罩，下方延伸出一对奇特的弯曲管子。  (任务物品)

Empty Dwarven Tank - The tank seems to be in a fairly good shape, but whatever was inside it is long gone now.   (Quest Item)
空的矮人储罐 - 这个储罐似乎保存得相当完好，但内部原本的物质早已消失不见。  (任务物品)

Dwarven Tank - The tank appears to be filled with something, although it weights less than expected.   (Quest Item)
矮人储罐 - 这个储罐似乎装有某种物质，但重量却比预期的轻。  (任务物品)

Dwarven Suit - A dwarf-sized costume covered in waterproof grease. The oil has likely preserved the material through the ages.   (Quest Item)
矮人服装 - 一件适合矮人的防水油布制成的服装。这种油脂很可能使这种材料历久弥新。  (任务物品)

Seed of Corruption - You have no clue what the strangely technologized jar is containing, but you're fairly sure it's staring at you.   (Quest Item)
腐化之种 - 你完全不清楚这个奇怪技术化的罐子里面装着什么，但你相当确定它正在盯着你。  (任务物品)

Special Containment Jar - The jar was specifically designed to contain a Seed of Corruption.   (Quest Item)
特殊容器罐 - 这个罐子专门设计用于封存腐化之种。  (任务物品)

Large Shell Warhead - The experimental warhead fuze looks ready to be inserted into a large caliber shell.   (Quest Item)
大型弹头 - 这个实验性的弹头引信看起来准备插入大口径的炮弹中。  (任务物品)

Large Shell Casing - An experimentally large caliber shell that can be filled with a sizable amount of explosive powder.   (Quest Item)
大型弹壳 - 一个可以装入大量炸药粉末的实验性大口径的炮弹外壳。  (任务物品)

Large Shell - The experimentally large shell is ready to be loaded into a cannon.   (Quest Item)
大型炮弹 - 这个实验性大口径炮弹已准备好装入火炮中。  (任务物品)

Squirming Sand Nut - The hard shell fruit won't stop trying to squirm out of your hands. Maybe smashing it with a rock would make it stop.   (Quest Item)
蠕动的沙地坚果 - 这种硬壳果实不断试图从你手中逃脱。也许用石头砸它就能让它停止。  (任务物品)

Crimson Salt Rock - The tinted salt chunk is far too tough and dense to be edible.   (Quest Item)
赤红盐岩 - 这块染色的盐块太过坚硬致密，根本无法食用。  (任务物品)

Chaotic Device - The artifact may have once contained unholy powers, but now it looks like nothing more but a cold piece of metal.   (Quest Item)
混沌装置 - 这件神器可能曾蕴含不洁之力，但如今看起来不过是一块冰冷的金属。  (任务物品)

Charged Chaotic Device - The artifact is charged with chaotic energy and feels highly unstable.   (Quest Item)
充能的混沌装置 - 这件神器被混沌能量充盈，感觉极不稳定。  (任务物品)

Pendant of True Sight - The silver medallion holds a magical eye capable of dispelling certain visual illusions.   (Quest Item)
真视吊坠 - 这枚银色吊坠内嵌了一枚魔法之眼，可驱散某些视觉幻象。  (任务物品)

Pendant of True Sight (Rebel) - The silver medallion holds a magical eye capable of dispelling visual illusions created by rebel cultists.   (Quest Item)
真视吊坠(反叛者) - 这枚银色吊坠内嵌了一枚魔法之眼，可驱散由反抗者邪教徒制造的视觉幻象。  (任务物品)

Pendant of True Sight (Servant) - The illusion-dispelling eye is charged with the memories of the succubus matron's gardner.   (Quest Item)
真视吊坠(侍从) - 这枚驱散幻象的眼眸充盈着魅惑女魔头加德纳的记忆。  (任务物品)

Winch Wheel - The crude wheel can be used to operate certain devices.   (Quest Item)
绞盘轮 - 这个粗糙的轮子可用于操作某些装置。  (任务物品)

Bag of Yeast - The bag is filled with a vital ingredient for baking and brewing.   (Quest Item)
一袋酵母 - 袋中装满了烘焙与酿造的关键原料。  (任务物品)

Orc Doll - The lovingly crafted rag doll resembles an Iron Division Lancer.   (Quest Item)
兽人玩偶 - 这个精心制作的布娃娃酷似铁军长枪兵。  (任务物品)

Primarch Avatar - The golden plate resonates with the voice of a demon primarch.   (Quest Item)
原教化身 - 这块黄金板发出与恶魔原教之声共鸣的震动。  (任务物品)

Soul Key Fragment - Tormented souls writhe inside this timeless prison.   (Quest Item)
灵魂钥匙碎片 - 苦痛的灵魂在永恒监狱中不断挣扎。  (任务物品)

Ritual Dagger - This golden dagger looks more fit for rituals rather than combat.   (Quest Item)
仪式匕首 - 这把黄金匕首看起来更适合用于仪式而非战斗。  (任务物品)

Piece of Perfumed Cloth - The fabric is imbued with the succubus matron's scent.   (Quest Item)
一块香味布 - 这块布料浸染着魅惑女魔头的气息。  (任务物品)

Lock of Hair - A strand of hair belonging to the Queen of Wrath.   (Quest Item)
一绺头发 - 一绺属于愤怒女王的发丝。  (任务物品)

Cursed Chalice - The demonic chalice feels a lot heavier than it looks.   (Quest Item)
受诅咒的圣杯 - 这个恶魔圣杯感觉比它看起来要重得多。  (任务物品)

Cursed Chalice - The cursed chalice seems to slowly replenish the liquid it contains. The blood inside bubbles restlessly.   (Quest Item)
受诅咒的圣杯 - 诅咒酒杯似乎会缓慢补充其中的液体。杯中的血液不停地冒着气泡。  (任务物品)

Cursed Chalice - The cursed chalice seems to slowly replenish the liquid it contains. The oil inside is burning hot.   (Quest Item)
受诅咒的圣杯 - 诅咒酒杯似乎会缓慢补充其中的液体。杯中的油液有燃烧般的炽热。  (任务物品)

Scroll of Enchant Trinket - This spell can transfer the innate magical properties of an object to a valuable trinket.   (Quest Item)
附魔饰品卷轴 - 这个法术可以将物体固有的魔法属性转移到有价值的饰品上。  (任务物品)

Sacrificial Sword - The gaudy ruby blade seems more fit for taking life through ritual rather than combat.   (Quest Item)
献祭之剑 - 华丽的红宝石剑刃似乎更适合通过仪式取人性命，而非战斗。  (任务物品)

Mithril Chisel - The perfectly balanced chisel could render even the hardest rock into a piece of art.   (Quest Item)
秘银凿子 - 这把平衡完美的凿子甚至能将最坚硬的岩石雕琢成艺术品。  (任务物品)

Cursed Chalice - The cursed chalice seems to slowly replenish the liquid it contains. The mana inside glows brightly.   (Quest Item)
受诅咒的圣杯 - 诅咒酒杯似乎会缓慢补充其中的液体。其中蕴含的魔力发出明亮的光。  (任务物品)

Arcane Salts - Rare catalysts sought after by many alchemists, the arcane salts come in three colors: pink, green and cyan.   (Quest Item)
秘盐 - 这些稀有催化剂深受炼金术士追捧，秘盐呈现三种颜色：粉色、绿色和青色。  (任务物品)

Hog Liver - The large hog liver could make for a hearty meal.   (Quest Item)
猪肝 - 这块巨大的猪肝或许能做成一顿丰盛的餐食。  (任务物品)

Deadly Poison - This poison is potent enough to kill someone within seconds, should they be tricked into ingesting it.   (Quest Item)
致命毒药 - 若有人被骗服下此毒，它足以在数秒内置人于死地。  (任务物品)

Sleeping Potion - The swirly fluid could put even the most watchful guardian to sleep.   (Quest Item)
安眠药水 - 这种漩涡状液体甚至能让最警觉的守卫陷入沉睡。  (任务物品)

Elixir of Life - The mere existence of this extremely potent substance is a myth. Rumors mention of a clan of orcs who discovered the Fountain of Life, centuries ago...   (Quest Item)
生命药剂 - 这种极其强大的物质的存在本身就是一个传说。传闻中曾有兽人部落在数个世纪前发现了生命之泉...   (任务物品)

Elixir of Death - The pitch dark substance is rumored to not only kill the body, but the soul itself.   (Quest Item)
死神药剂 - 这种漆黑如墨的物质据说不仅能夺去躯体，更能吞噬灵魂。  (任务物品)

Anointed Phylactery - This sort of container is rumored to store the soul of someone who traded death for eternal lichdom.   (Quest Item)
圣约封印 - 据传这种容器能储存那些以死亡换取永生巫妖的灵魂。  (任务物品)

Angel Feather - This feather is far too large to have belonged to a bird. It is uncertain whether it has magical properties or not.   (Quest Item)
天使羽毛 - 这根羽毛远比普通鸟类的羽毛大得多。尚不确定它是否具有魔法属性。  (任务物品)

Crimson Salt Statue - A masterfully crafted statue, portraying the champion of Valc as she strikes a fierce pose. Its staggering weight reminds of how dense and solid crimson salt is.   (Quest Item)
赤红盐雕像 - 一座精雕细琢的雕像，描绘了瓦尔克冠军挥舞武器时的英姿。其惊人的重量让人直观感受到赤红盐的致密与坚实。  (任务物品)

Pit Lord Head - The severed head of an arrogant pit lord who put his trust in the wrong person.   (Quest Item)
深渊领主头颅 - 这是位傲慢的深渊领主被错误信任之人背叛后斩下的头颅。  (任务物品)

Depleted Armor Amulet - The amulet is completely lifeless, its wearer having been brutally assaulted and overwhelmed.   (Quest Item)
耗尽魔力的盔甲护符 - 这枚符文已完全失去生机，佩戴者曾遭受残酷攻击并被彻底击败。  (任务物品)

Mortar of Earth Pigment - This crystal-infused pigment is used by scribes to create earth magic spell scrolls.   (Quest Item)
大地颜料研钵 - 这种注入水晶的大地颜料由抄写者用于制作大地魔法卷轴。  (任务物品)

Bowl of Scribe Embers - The mix of enchanted embers is used by scribes to create fire magic spell scrolls.   (Quest Item)
一碗抄写者余烬 - 魔法余烬的混合物由抄写者用于制作火系魔法卷轴。  (任务物品)

Iron-Bound Tome - This chained tome contains schematics for many outlawed weapons and artifacts. A blacksmith would find it invaluable.   (Quest Item)
铁封典籍 - 这本锁链束缚的典籍内记载着众多被禁武器与圣物的图纸。铁匠会视其为无价之宝。  (任务物品)

Vial of Healing - This vial restores 10 hit points upon drinking.
治疗药剂 - 饮用后可恢复10点生命值。

Fixer's Goggles - While activated, these goggles will help you see through darkness with ease. Lasts until out of charge.
修复者的护目镜 - 当激活时，这些护目镜将帮助你轻松地看清黑暗。持续到能量耗尽。

Potion of Stoneskin - Drinking this potion will turn your skin into stone scales, greatly increasing your physical, blast and nature damage resistance. Lasts 45 seconds.
石肤药水 - 饮用此药水会使皮肤化为石鳞，大幅提升物理、爆炸和自然伤害抗性。持续45秒。

Time Shard - Upon shattering this crystal, the user breaks the flow of time surrounding them, freezing most of the projectiles and creatures in their vicinity. Lasts about 10 seconds.
时间碎片 - 碎裂此水晶时，使用者会打破周围的时间流动，冻结附近大部分投射物与生物。持续约10秒。

Scroll of Wizard's Eye - This spell will magically chart the surroundings, revealing them on the caster's map, also tracking the position of monsters and items.
巫师之眼卷轴 - 此法术将用魔法绘制周围环境，于施法者地图上呈现，并追踪怪物和物品的位置。

Elemental Ring - This enchanted ring will greatly protect the wearer against elemental and magic damage, and give them underwater breath. Lasts 90 seconds.
元素戒指 - 这枚附魔戒指可大幅防护佩戴者免受元素与魔法伤害，并赋予其水下呼吸能力。持续90秒。

Potion of Might - Drinking this will grant you ungodly strength but sap your dexterity. You gain HP regeneration and increased melee and throwing damage but your other ranged attacks will be weaker. Lasts 60 seconds.
力量药水 - 饮用此药水将赋予你超凡的力量但削弱敏捷。你获得生命值再生并提升近战与投掷伤害，但其它远程攻击会变弱。持续60秒。

Potion of Haste - Drinking this potion will instil you with a burst of magic that increases attack speed. Lasts 30 seconds.
迅捷药水 - 饮用此药水将激发魔法爆发，提升攻击速度。持续30秒。

Sentry Gun - One of the most advanced weaponry of the Iron Division, the Sentry Gun can be deployed to provide cover and security within a certain area.
守卫枪 - 铁军最先进的武器之一，可部署于特定区域提供掩护与安全。

Amulet of Shadows - Wearing this dark crystal will turn you into a blurry shadow, making you faster and harder to aim at. Lasts 75 seconds.
暗影护符 - 佩戴此黑暗水晶会使你化为模糊的阴影，使你移动更快且更难被瞄准。持续75秒。

Choker of the Beast - Wearing this collar will shroud you in a fearsome vampiric aura, forcing most enemies to flee and giving your attacks the ability to drain life. Lasts 30 seconds.
野兽颈圈 - 佩戴此项圈将笼罩你于可怕的吸血鬼光环中，迫使大多数敌人逃离，并赋予你的攻击抽取生命的能力。持续30秒。

Bracer of the Revenant - Equipping this artifact will enchant your Axe to strike with the frigid power of Ice. Lasts 120 seconds.
亡灵护腕 - 装备此神器将使你的斧头附带冰霜之力。持续120秒。

Mystery Potion - A strange looking layered potion. You have no clue what effect it would have upon drinking.
神秘药水 - 一种外观奇特的分层药剂。你完全不清楚饮用后会产生什么效果。

Scroll of Inferno - This highly unstable spell will cause enemies within the reach of the caster to burst into explosive carnage.
地狱火卷轴 - 这个高度不稳定的法术会使施法者范围内的敌人爆裂成爆炸性屠杀。

Diving Suit - This air-tight suit allows the wearer to stay underwater for extended periods of time, while also protecting them against certain hazards. Lasts until out of charge.
潜水服 - 此种气密装备允许佩戴者长时间水下活动，同时抵御部分危险。持续到能量耗尽。

Charged Psi Crown - The artifact is charged and ready to protect the wearer against a good portion of mind damage. Lasts until out of charge.
充能的心灵王冠 - 该神器处于充能状态，可有效防御大部分精神伤害。持续到能量耗尽。

Boots of Journey - When equipped, this pair of old, inconspicuous boots will lighten the wearer's legs and increase movement speed. Lasts until unequipped
旅行之靴 - 装备后，这双老旧不起眼的靴子将减轻佩戴者的腿部负担并提升移动速度。持续到卸下。

Ring of the Red Monk - When equipped, this ring will greatly increase unarmed damage, as well as bestow the user's fists with the legendary power of the Red Monks. Lasts until unequipped.
红僧之戒 - 装备后，此戒指将大幅提升徒手伤害，并赋予使用者拳头以红僧传说的力量。持续到卸下。

Scroll of Magma Ball - This spell will hurl a ball of magma that explodes on impact.
熔岩球卷轴 - 此法术会投掷一颗熔岩球，在撞击时引发爆炸。

Nourish - This spell will fill the caster's body with nurturing energies, slowly regenerating their wounds. Lasts 60 seconds.
滋养术 - 此法术将向施法者体内注入滋养能量，缓慢修复其伤口。持续60秒。

Journal - This handful of greasy, coarse papers bound by shaky iron hoops is more than enough to track your tasks on the battlefield.
日志 - 这本由摇晃铁环固定、油渍斑驳粗糙纸张组成的笔记簿，足以记录战场上的任务。

Enchanted Purple Ink Recipe - Reading this scroll could offer some insight on how to brew enchanted purple ink.
附魔紫墨水配方 - 阅读此卷轴或许能提供如何酿造附魔紫墨水的线索。

Great Forge Instructions - Reading this scroll could offer some insight on how to operate the Great Forge's equipment.
大锻炉说明 - 阅读此卷轴或许能提供如何操作大锻炉设备的线索。

Damp Note - Reading this note could offer some insight on what it is supposed to represent.
湿纸条 - 阅读此纸条可能揭示它所代表的内容。

Mansion Sketch - Reading this sketch could offer some important information about the mansion grounds.
庄园草图 - 阅读此草图可获取关于庄园场地的重要信息。

Ancient City Map - The ancient map inside the breached case seems to have been dmaged by the elements and passage of time.
古城地图 - 被破坏的箱子里的古代地图似乎因自然元素和时间流逝而受损。
