With a head still sore from waking up in a pile of rocks,
瓒从一堆石头中醒来，头仍然很痛，
and still no memory of how she even ended up there,
而且仍然不记得她是如何在那里结束的，
Zan made her way out of the mining post only to find
她走出采矿点，却发现她的血缘姐妹们死于一股奸诈力量。
her blood sisters dead from a treacherous force.
不管那些邪教分子是谁，他们都是有目的的，
Whoever those cultists were, they meant business,
如果恶魔是幕后黑手，事情就会变得更加糟糕……
and if Demons were behind this, things were about to
她穿过秘密通道，冲向她的家乡，
become much worse...
紧紧握住那把沉重的斧头，希望敌人没有突破防御。
She rushed through the secret tunnel towards her
瓒越早和铁师的战士们一起粉碎他们的入侵者，
home town, grip tightened around that hefty axe,
就能越早让他们为这种无礼的侵略行为付出代价。
hoping that the enemy hadn't breached the defense.
她出现在瓦尔克的广场旁，
The sooner Zan could join the Iron Division warriors
然而却听不到正在进行的战斗的迹象……
in crushing their invaders, the sooner they could
　
make them pay for this insolent aggression.
　
She emerges by Valc's plaza, yet no sign of ongoing
　
battle can be heard...
　

Wiping the mixture of blood and sweat from her
擦了擦额头上的血和汗的混合物，赞摇摇晃晃地走向
forehead, Zan shambled towards the giant Barracks
巨大的军营大门。她咬紧牙关，几乎没能忍住愤怒地砸开
gate. With grit teeth, she hardly refrained from
开关。叛国! 背信弃义! 邪教分子是如何把入侵的时间安排
smashing the switch open in anger. Treason! Treachery!
得这么好？他们的魔法怎么能穿过水晶防护罩？
How did the cultists time their invasion so well? How
他们怎么能如此迅速地杀死所有人？
could their magics work past the crystal wards? How
突然间，她的想法被一股刺痛打碎了，
could they kill everyone so fast?
这股刺痛沿着她的脊柱流淌。在一片漆黑中，
Suddenly, her thoughts were shattered by a spike of
一个词在她的脑海中回荡着……阿布哈斯……一个词？
pain coursing down her spine. In a split blackout,
还是一个名字？她揉着自己的太阳穴，试图抓住它的含义，
a word echoed through her mind... Abhaoth... A word?
但她的记忆仍然模糊不清……瓒现在只知道她对保护水晶
Or a name? She rubbed her temple, trying to grasp its
之心的责任。一旦恶魔达到了铁师的技术核心，
meaning, but her memories were clouded still...
不知道他们会做出什么事……军营大门开始打开。
All Zan knew right now was her duty towards protecting
如果驻军仍然坚守，那么这就是她可以与守军集结在一起，
the Crystal Heart. There's no telling what Demons could
并进行报复的最佳地点。
do once they'd reach the very core of the Iron Division's
　
technology...
　
...the Barracks gate begins to open. If the garrison
　
still holds, then this is the best place where she
　
can rally up with the defenders, and get revenge.
　


The Half-Orc hopped into the ventilation shaft, sweaty
半兽人跳进通风井，汗湿的手臂因疲惫而颤抖。
arms shaking in exhaustion. As she crawled forward, she
当她向前爬行时，她能感觉到自己饱受摧残的身体
could feel her battered body growing less responsive,
越来越没有反应，在召唤着休息。空气似乎在升温……
beckoning for rest. The air seemed to be heating up...
战争的景象在她眼前翻滚。一个黑暗的城堡
Visions of war rolled before her eyes. A dark citadel
被地狱般的平原所包围。兽人在她周围肆虐，
surrounded by hellish plains. Orcs were raging around
与恶魔的部落紧紧相拥而战。她试图移动，
her, clenched into battle with the demonic horde. She
但有东西把她固定住了。一个黑暗的身影，一双闪亮的橙色
tried to move, but something held her in place. A dark
眼睛。阿布哈斯……这个名字突然把她惊醒了，
figure with a gleaming pair of orange eyes. Abhaoth...
她的头几乎撞到了狭窄的通风口上。她已经睡了多久了？
The name suddenly rang her awake, head almost hitting
往前走，肾上腺素在她的血管中流淌，因为想到恶魔的入侵，
against the narrow vent in surprise. How long had she
她又回到了正轨。她必须到达入口，
been asleep? Moving forward, adrenaline coursed up her
并在侵略者之前利用它到达水晶之心。
veins as the thought of the demon invasion brought her
但周围有一支邪教组织的军队，这并不容易。
back on track. She had to reach the portal, and use it
　
to get to the Crystal Heart before the aggressors did.
　
But with an army of cultists around, it won't be easy.
　


As she waddled through a cloud of dust and rubble, Zan
当她蹒跚地穿过一团灰尘和瓦砾时，
noticed an already familiar presence waiting at the end
瓒注意到一个熟悉的身影正等在废墟走廊的尽头。
of the ruined corridor. She ran towards it, but much
她向它跑去，但不出她所料，那个黑暗生物消失得无影无踪，
to her expectations, the dark creature vanished into
只留下一缕黑烟。一连串的咒骂声在广场的洞穴中回荡，
thin air, leaving only a puff of black smoke behind.
瓒举起斧头准备向公园走去。
A series of curses echoed through the Plaza's caverns
她到底该如何与这黑暗之物战斗呢？
as Zan proceeded towards the park, her axe up and ready.
它似乎总是把她引向更危险的地方……
How was she supposed to fight this dark thing after all?
唉，迎接她的是公园里躁动不安的虫鸣声
It always seemed to guide her towards more danger...
和前方可能存在的黑暗寒意……
Alas, the park greets her with the sound of restless insects
　
and the dark chill of what may lie ahead...
　


Zan glanced back at the pile of dead cultists littering
瓒回头瞥了一眼门户洞穴里的一堆邪教徒尸体。
the portal cave. If it wasn't for her shielding amulet
如果不是她的护身符吸收了能量冲击，
absorbing the energy surge, her body may have well been
她的尸体很可能也在其中。
among theirs. She could only hope that the strange dark
她只能希望传送门周围那团奇怪的黑影现在能停止生长……
mass surrounding the portal would cease to grow now...
邪教徒们一定已经倾尽全力，但现在没有什么能阻止她了。
The cultists must have thrown in all they had, but nothing
她深吸一口气，走进了传送门，一股阴森恐怖的力量
could stop her now. Taking a deep breath, she walked into
将她整个人卷入了扭曲的螺旋中，拖着她穿越了未知的空间。
the waygate, an eerie force snatching her entire body
突然，一道红光闪过嘈杂的虫洞。半兽人不禁倒吸一口凉气，
into a twisted spiral, dragging her across unknown space.
但还没等她想知道邪教徒的腐化会对传送门造成什么影响，
Suddenly, a red light flashed through the noisy wormhole.
她就被一团跳动的白光刺瞎了双眼……令她绝望的是，
The Half-Orc winced and gasped, but before she could even
传送门又把她吐回了丛林园。她四处张望，
wonder how the cultists' corruption might have affected
但所有的装备似乎都消失了。一定是出了什么大问题……
the portal, she was blinded by a pulsating white glow...
　
Much to her despair, the waygate spits her back into
　
the Grove. She reaches around, but all her gear seems to
　
have vanished. Something must have gone terribly wrong...
　


A loud shriek pierced and echoed through the abyss, as
一声巨大的尖叫刺穿了深渊，在深渊中回荡，
Nithriel conjured all her powers to preserve her life. A
妮丝瑞尔使出浑身解数保住了自己的性命。
bright flash of light briefly blinded the horned warrior
一道耀眼的闪光短暂地刺瞎了角战士的双眼，
and she could do little but stand and watch the elven
她只能站在原地看着精灵术士升向星空。战斗结束了，
warlock ascend towards the starry nether.
但不知为何，她感觉战斗还没有真正开始。
The battle was over, but it somehow felt like it had not
当地狱般的天空渐渐褪去宁静，一个黑暗的入口从地面浮现。
even truly began. As the hellish sky faded into serenity,
瓒不禁思考，这一切是否真的存在。刚一进入传送门，
a dark portal emerged from the ground. Zan couldn't
一股突如其来的冲击就把她惊醒了。
help but ponder if any of that was actually real.
清冽的风呼啸着穿过树林，散播着松树的芬芳。
As soon as she entered the portal, a sudden shock woke
她现在在哪里？她周围的山景看起来熟悉得令人不寒而栗 -
her up. Tongues of crisp wind whistled through the trees
她在外面！比以往任何时候都要远离尼特里尔！
spreading scents of pine. Where was she now? The mountain
她疲惫地叹了口气，握紧枪向前走去，
scape surrounding her looked chillingly familiar - she was
紧张地想知道阿布哈斯发生了什么事，
outside! Farther away than ever from stopping Nithriel!
她会不会在 "心 "失去之前出现指路。
With a tired sigh, she grasps her gun and steps forward,
　
nervously wondering what happened to Abhaoth, and if
　
she'll turn up to point the way before the Heart is lost.
　


A broad grin shaped up the warrior's face as the Ward's
随着沃德装置的启动，战士的脸上露出了灿烂的笑容。
mechanism came alive. The ground began to rumble, a
地面开始隆隆作响，一块闪闪发光的白色水晶从地底冒出来。
gleaming white crystal emerging from underneath.
邪恶的五角星开始闪烁和爆炸 -
Unholy pentagrams began to fizzle and blow up - the few
少数幸运地及时传送过来的邪教徒迅速被半兽人屠戮殆尽。
lucky cultists who had managed to teleport through in
其余在病房释放时翘首以盼的人甚至还没来得及
time were swiftly butchered by the Half-Orc. The rest who
完成他们的跨次元旅程就死了……
warped as the Ward unleashed itself simply died before
对入侵者后勤的致命一击，无疑会改变进攻的态势。
they could even finish their interdimensional journey...
瓒不禁在想，如果阿布哈斯与她有关，
Striking this lethal blow to the invaders' logistics would
她会不会在离这场邪恶入侵开始的地方如此之近的地方醒来。
definitely change the tides of the assault.
尽管如此，她现在已经不知所踪，没有什么时间可以浪费了。
Zan couldn't help but wonder if Abhaoth was involved
她继续向上行进，因为她知道山顶上有一座矮人要塞
with her waking up so close to where this foul invasion
与钢铁之师结盟。那些强壮的战士一定会帮助她夺回瓦尔克。
seems to have begun. Nonetheless, she was nowhere to be
半天后，浓重的雾气和冰冷的雪气息迎面扑来。
seen now, and there was little time to be wasted.
她离矮人要塞越来越近了。
She marched on upwards, knowing of a dwarven fortress
　
atop the mountain that was allied with the Iron Division.
　
Those stout warriors would surely aid her to retake Valc.
　
Half a day later, a thick, heavy mist and the cold breath
　
of snow greet her.    She is getting closer to the dwarf
　
fortress.
　


With a piercing metallic shrill, the lift plummeted
随着一声刺耳的金属尖啸，升降机坠入了深渊。
into the abyss. It took no longer than seconds for
坠落的铁块以迅雷不及掩耳之势停了下来，
a deafening thud to echo into Valc's deserted caves
震耳欲聋的 "砰 "的一声回荡在瓦尔克荒无人烟的洞穴中，
as the falling mass of iron came to a thundering halt.
用不了几秒钟。半兽人战士痛苦地呻吟着，她抱住自己的头，
Groaning in pain, the half-orc warrior cupped her head,
耳边仍然回响着猛烈的落地声。
ears still ringing with the sound of the violent landing.
现在她只能发出几声尘土飞扬的咳嗽。她终于回到了山腹。
A few dusty coughs were all that would delay her now.
靠近水晶之心。离背叛者更近了。
At last, she is back into the mountain's bowels. Close
　
to the Crystal Heart. And even closer to the betrayer.
　


Zan thundered her way out of the clinic. The horrible
瓒以迅雷不及掩耳之势冲出了诊所。
experiments Lith had given life to only enraged her
莉丝所做的可怕实验只会进一步激怒她。
further.    If it hadn't been for Tiati, she would have
如果不是提亚蒂，她自己现在早就变成了一个憎恶！
become an abomination herself by now!
当巨大的水晶门打开时，她不禁想到了祖拉酋长，
As the large crystal gate opened, she wondered about
她似乎还活着，在李斯的实验槽里……
Chieftain Zura who seemed to be still alive inside Lith's
她现在很可能已经中毒了。也许还是把她留下比较好。
experiment tank...  she was most likely poisoned now.
但现在，战士已经到达了蓝瑟神殿，
Perhaps it was better to leave her behind.
她的所有思绪很快就会转移到似乎越来越近的最后一战上……
But now the warrior had reached the Lancer Temple
她终于到了，水晶之心就在前方……
and all her thoughts would soon shift towards the
　
final battle that seemed to draw ever closer...
　
She is finally here. The Crystal Heart awaits ahead...
　


Zan burst through the entrance to the castle, her steps
瓒冲进城堡的入口，她的脚步在深红色地毯上飞快地移动着，
darting over the crimson carpet in a mere moment, heart
她的心怦怦直跳，因为她能感觉到尼特里尔就在眼前。
pounding as she could feel Nithriel's presence at hand.
前方是一条狭窄的石廊，等待她的是一个熟悉的身影……
Up front, a narrow stone corridor invited her to step
阿布豪斯。战士咧开嘴笑了，她知道，
through, with an already familiar silhouette awaiting her
如果尼特里尔无法再压制住那个阴暗的向导，
at the end... Abhaoth.
那么她一定是失去了力量。
The warrior grinned, knowing that Nithriel must have
但还没等她回味完这一刻，瓒的心跳就突然停止了。
been losing her power if she couldn't suppress the
阴影消失了。随着天花板上厚厚的栅栏落下，
shadowy guide any longer. But before she could finish
她脚下的地板也随之落下。当她摔倒在地板下时，
savoring the moment, Zan's heartbeat would suddenly
一声尖叫从她的肺里发出……
come to a halt. The shadow vanished. And as thick bars
半兽人在一堆黑暗的淤泥中醒来，还没来得及确定方向，
descended from the ceiling, so did the floor underneath
一只爬行者就嘶嘶地向她打招呼。
her feet. A scream left her lungs as she fell beneath...
　
Waking up in a pile of dark muck, the Half-Orc can hardly
　
get her bearings before a Crawler greets her with a hiss.
　


Zan's eyes glittered with hope as the warded gate came
瓒的眼睛里闪烁着希望的光芒，因为防护门降了下来，
down, revealing her sisters holding up the barricade.
露出了她的姐妹们坚守街垒的身影。她们的出现意味着，
Their presence there meant that not everyone who was
并非所有参与行动的人都倒在了恶魔的脚下……
part of the campaign had fallen to the demons...
然而，她的热情出乎意料地受到了敌意的遏制。
Her enthusiasm, however, was unexpectedly curbed by a
当然，幸存者们不可能知道她的旅程，
hostile reception. Of course, the survivors couldn't
也不可能知道她在拯救家乡于水火之中所发挥的作用。
have known about her journey and the role she played
对他们来说，她只是一个被洗劫一空的逃兵……
in saving their home town from certain doom.
她无奈地叹了口气，交出了武器，
For them, she was a mere washed up deserter...
任由他们把自己带到大本营，等待判决。
With a frustrated sigh, she surrendered her weapons,
不过，她不会在监狱里待太久。一阵脚步声传来。
allowing herself to be taken to their base camp, and
一声金属撞击声。牢门打开。
wait for judgement.
　
She would not spend much time in jail, though. A set of
　
steps approaches. A metallic clank. The cell door opens.
　


A loud explosion heralded the Halfblood's well executed
一声巨大的爆炸声预示着混血人精心策划的破坏行动。
sabotage. Before the town gates could even fully lower,
镇门还未完全落下，院子里就燃起了熊熊怒火和嗜血的火焰，
the courtyard fired up with fiery rage and bloodlust as
铁甲雄师的战士们和他们的盟友们冲了出来。
the Iron Division warriors and their allies rushed forth.
然而，期待已久的战斗才刚刚开始。
The long awaited battle had barely begun, however. With
军阀格伦德用雷鸣般的声音命令战士们继续前进。
a thundering voice, Warlord Grund ordered the combatants
由于对港口城市的内部布局知之甚少，他们将分成几个小队，
to advance further. With little inside knowledge of the
分头寻找尼特里尔和男爵。他们面临着巨大的困难，
port town's layout, they would split in smaller squads
但现在已经没有时间退缩了。
and comb through in search of Nithriel and the Baron.
整个地下世界和其他地方的命运都掌握在他们的肩上。
The odds were ever stacked against them, but there was
随着瓒的前进，警报声越来越近。
no time to falter now. The fate of the whole underground
是时候把这个小镇夷为平地了。
world and beyond rested on their shoulders.
　
The ringing of alarm bells draws nearer as Zan advances.
　
It's time to run this town through the blade.
　


The Halfblood wiped her wet forehead, mustering the
混血儿擦了擦湿漉漉的额头，
fresh blood of her foes on her hardened hands. Having
硬邦邦的手上沾满了敌人的鲜血。
lost count of how many squads and formations she had
她已经记不清自己冲破了多少小队和编队才到达港口，
broken through to reach the port, she rested against
她靠在船上的机器上喘息。忿怒女王设法溜上了船，
the ship's machinery to catch her breath.
她示意战士帮她启动船上的引擎。
The Queen of Wrath, who had managed to sneak her way
男爵的舰队可能已经先行一步，但仍有机会追上它。
aboard, motioned the warrior to help her power up the
超频的涡轮推动着飞船全速前进，
ship's engine. The Baron's fleet may have had a head
在凝视着无尽的火海几个小时后，
start, but there was still a chance to catch up to it.
瓒终于可以看到恶魔旗舰的身影渐渐从红雾中消失。
The overclocked turbine pushed the vessel full speed
在它的周围，无数其他较小的飞船正在靠近。
ahead, and after a few hours of gazing at the endless
半兽人抓起武器，准备跳伞。就是这里了。
sea of fire, Zan could finally grasp the silhouette of
她的敌人已经无处可逃了。
the demonic flagship fading out of the red mist.
　
Around it, numerous other smaller ships draw closer
　
The half orc grabs her weapons, preparing to jump.
　
This is it. Her foes have nowhere left to flee now.
　


The Halfblood's muscles tensed as she witnessed Tiati's
当她目睹蒂阿蒂鲁莽的破坏行为将旗舰的引擎
reckless sabotage turning the flagship's engine into a
变成一簇致命的火球时，混血儿的肌肉绷紧了。
cluster of deadly fire balls.
尼特里尔自己的惊讶削弱了她对战士的魔法控制，
Nithriel's own surprise weakened her magical grasp upon
但在瓒还来不及移动的时候，她就被粗暴地撞到了墙上。
the warrior, but before Zan could even think of moving,
她软软地倒在地上，整个宇宙都消逝在黑暗中……
she was brutally blasted against a wall. Falling limp to
海鸟的歌声和海浪冲刷海岸的声音唤醒了她。
the ground, her entire universe faded into darkness...
遍体鳞伤的身体突然感到疼痛，这是她尚未死去的唯一证明。
A song of sea birds and waves washing the shore awaken
她的胃在痛苦地咆哮。多少天过去了？
her. The sudden aching of her battered body feels like
　
the only proof that she is not yet dead.
　
Her stomach growls painfully. How many days have passed?
　


The stench of demonic blood seeping into the cursed soil
随着战斗的白热化，
filled the once tranquil forest as the battle heated up.
恶魔之血渗入诅咒之土的恶臭充斥着这片曾经宁静的森林。在
Charging towards the portal, visions dyed in red flashed
冲向传送门的过程中，破骨者眼前闪现出被染成红色的幻象。
before the Bonebreaker's eyes. From the failed siege at
从地狱远端失败的围攻，到开垦她的家园。
the far end of Hell, to the reclamation of her home. From
从水晶之心的残酷战斗到穿越火海。
the brutal battle at the Crystal Heart to the crossing of
传送门的表面旋转着躁动不安的图案，
the Sea of Fire. The portal's surface swirled in restless
映射出她血管中沸腾的怒火。
patterns, mirroring the fury that boiled up in her veins.
狰狞的始祖化身静静地注视着这位战士穿过大门，
The hideous avatars of the primarchs watched silently as
她的内心也被他们的污秽之气所笼罩。
the warrior passed the gate, her heart emburdened with
当她穿过桥梁时，瓒将听到成千上万受折磨灵魂的呼唤。
their foul taints. As she crossed the bridge, Zan would
它们用虚无缥缈的身躯遮挡住她矫健的身影，
hear the call of thousands upon thousands of tormented
拼命想把她拉进下面等待着她的黑暗混沌之口。
souls. They weaved their ethereal bodies over her stout
城堡大门打开，邀请她进入男爵的巢穴。
figure, desperately trying to pull her into the dark maw
终于到了完成血祭的时刻。
of chaos that awaited below.
　
The citadel gate opens, inviting her to the Baron's lair.
　
At long last, it is time to fulfil the blood rite.
　
