Bear Warrior:    Sarge? You awake? Thought you were a goner...
熊战士：上尉？你醒了吗？我以为你挂了...

Reaver:    Sergeant? Are you finally awake? Thought I'd lost you.
掠夺者：中士？你终于醒了？我还以为丢了你。

Reaver:    The portal clearly malfunctioned... I think we ended up on top of Valc.
掠夺者：传送门明显出现了故障……我想我们可能落在瓦尔克上了。

Bear Warrior:    The portal just spat us out here... I think we ended up on top of Valc.
熊战士：传送门只是把我们吐到这儿……我想我们可能落在瓦尔克上了。

This dirt looks like it could be tunneled through with the proper tool.
这泥土看起来像是能用合适工具挖穿的。

This switch requires an Earth Key to activate the power source.
这个开关需要大地钥匙才能激活电源。

This switch requires a Crystal Key to activate the power source.
这个开关需要水晶钥匙才能激活电源。

Bear Warrior:    Hey look! The Ward is destroying the cultist pentagrams!
熊战士：嘿快看！屏障正在摧毁邪教徒的五芒星！

Reaver:    The Ward is going back up! Look at the pentagrams fizzling!
掠夺者：屏障正在恢复！看那些五芒星在闪烁！

The switch doesn't seem to work. You hear a distant rumble from outside.
这个开关似乎没用。你听到外面传来远处的轰鸣声。

Bear Warrior:    Damn it! These cultist bastards got all the way up here!
熊战士：该死！这些邪教徒混蛋居然爬到了这里！

Reaver:    Oh, no... the cultists have gotten all the way up here.
掠夺者：该死……邪教徒居然爬到了这里！

(You discover what looks like a crudely drawn map of the surroundings)
（你发现一张看起来像是粗糙绘制的周围环境地图）

(A certain X mark grabs your attention. You copy its location over your own map)
（某个X标记吸引了你的注意。你将其位置复制到自己的地图上）

(You glance over what looks like a crudely drawn map of the surroundings)
（你瞥见一张看起来像是粗糙绘制的周围环境地图）

(A certain X mark stands out, and you've already copied it into your own map)
（某个X标记格外显眼，你已将其复制到自己的地图上）

You'll need a proper tool to dig here.
你需要合适的工具才能在这里挖掘。

A magical seal seems to be holding the lever into place.
一个魔法封印似乎将杠杆固定在原位。

A magical seal prevents the switch from being activated.
一个魔法封印阻止了开关的激活。

The switch seems to not be powered right now.
这个开关目前似乎没有通电。

This door requires an Earth key to open.
这扇门需要用大地钥匙才能打开。

The glass looks like it was hit with massive force. It could probably break under another blow.
玻璃看起来像是遭受了巨大冲击。再一击恐怕就能打破它。

(The parchment is scribbled with various alchemical formulas)
（羊皮纸上潦草地写满了各种炼金术公式）

(You spot a note carefully lodged in between the rocks. It's written in human tongue)
（你发现一张小心夹在岩石间的便条，是用人类语言书写的）

If everything went according to plan, you should be reading this message.  Your source was right,
如果一切按计划进行，你现在应该正在阅读这条信息。你的消息来源没

the orc magician stationed here is carrying around one of those enchanted bags.  Had a hard time
错，驻守这里的兽人法师正携带一个这样的魔法袋。偷取它时遇到了困

stealing it as the orcs seem to be overly jumpy.   Nonetheless, my job here is done.   I have hidden
难，因为兽人们似乎异常警觉。不过，我的任务已经完成。我藏了三张

three notes that will explain how to retrieve the bag.   Don't worry, they won't find it very soon...
便条，会说明如何找回这个袋子。别担心，他们不会很快发现……

The first clue is - CL.  I've hidden the second note behind the chimney, near the two guard towers.
第一个线索是 - CL。我把第二张便条藏在烟囱后面，靠近两座守卫塔。

I probably don't have to tell you to memorize this and then burn the note, but just to make sure.
我大概不用提醒你记住这些内容然后烧掉这张便条，但为了确保万无一失，我还是再说一遍。

Our two troublemakers have gotten into a fight again. This time, they've managed to crack one of
我们的两个麻烦制造者又打架了。这次他们成功打碎了兵

the windows in the barracks...     The crystal glass may stand up to its reputation, but we will still
营的一扇窗户……水晶玻璃或许能维持它的声誉，但我们

have to replace it. Make sure you make the right requisition next time the supply caravan arrives.
仍需更换它。下次补给车队到来时，请务必正确申请。

I will be heading out to the dwarven fortress tomorrow to settle a few important matters. I barely
我明天将前往矮人要塞处理一些重要事务。我几乎没时间给那些

have time to give those rowdy Bear Warriors their due punishment...  their discipline seems to be as
吵闹的熊战士们应有的惩罚……他们的纪律似乎和一切其他事情

shaky as everything else lately. Nonetheless, I am counting on you to handle things until I return.
一样摇摇欲坠。不过，我指望你能在我回来前妥善处理一切。

Oh, and don't forget to patch up the leaking pipes in the inner courtyard, alright? - Lancer Dendra
哦，别忘了修补内院的漏水管道，好吗？——兰斯尔·登德拉

Hey, pass by the archive when you have time, and bring your shovel too. I've heard some strange
嘿，有空的时候去趟档案馆，顺便带上你的铁锹……我听到其中

noise behind one of the wall panels,  better check to make sure we don't have water leaking in.
一个墙板后面有奇怪的声音，最好检查一下，确保没有漏水。

Hey, pass by the archive when you have time, and bring your shovel too. I've heard some strange
嘿，有空的时候去趟档案馆，顺便带上你的铁锹……我听到其中

noise behind one of the wall panels, better check to make sure we don't have water leaking in.
一个墙板后面有奇怪的声音，最好检查一下，确保没有漏水。

Rot. 509, Day 237
第509轮，第237天

First they finished that elevator linking the Dwarven Fortress with Valc, and now the campaign
他们先是完成了连接矮人要塞与瓦尔克的电梯，现在战役正式开始

began. I'm starting to think we won't have any of the bearded fellas coming through here for a
了。我开始觉得有一段时间不会见到那些留着胡子的家伙了。我想

while. I suppose that's less time recording trades and more time reading something interesting.
这大概是花更少时间记录交易、更多时间读点有趣的东西了。

Chapter 3 - The Basic Crystals
第三章 - 基础水晶

One of the most common magical crystals found inside the underground is the bright cyan one.
在地下最常见的一种魔法水晶是那种明亮的青色水晶。

It grows in spiral patterns, and the more the formation coils around, the greater is its age.
它以螺旋状生长，缠绕得越多，年龄越大。

It has interesting properties ranging from producing heat through an inner vibration to being
它具有多种有趣的特性，从通过内部震动产生热量到能够吸引

able to attract or reject metal.   The light and warmth generated by this crystal allow for a
或排斥金属。这种水晶产生的光和热使茂盛的植被能够在无阳

lush flora to thrive away from sunlight.   Its use in our technology will be detailed later on.
光的地方茁壮成长。其在我们技术中的应用将在后文详述。

Yellow crystals are another fairly common sight.     They are usually formed in bundles, but
黄色水晶是另一种相当常见的景象。它们通常成束状形成，但

unlike cyan ones, they do not seem to possess the same ability to grow in time.     Therefore, it
与青色水晶不同，似乎不具备随时间增长的能力。因此，人们

is considered that they are a finite resource, and are regarded as much more valuable. Their
认为它们是一种有限资源，并被视为更具价值。其主要特性是

main property is that they store energy which is required to power up our machines. The power
能够储存能量，这些能量用于驱动我们的机器。这些水晶的能

of these crystals is measured by the intensity of the glow  -  a bright core is generally suited
量通过其发光强度来衡量——明亮的核心通常适合为大型设施

for powering large installations, but is also more unstable.   For this reason, our energy guns
供电，但也更加不稳定。因此，我们如守卫炮塔或水晶长矛这

such as Sentry Turrets or Crylances employ depleted shards that have a much duller glow.
类能量武器会使用耗尽的碎片，它们的发光更为暗淡。

Armor Amulets are created from the same crystals, but they are imbued with magical spells.
装甲护符也是由同种水晶制成，但其中蕴含着魔法咒语。

The process ends up altering the color, but this shall be better detailed in a future chapter.
这个过程最终会改变颜色，但这些细节将在未来的章节中更详细地描述。

MOUNTAIN GATE CONTROLS
山门控制

(A journal lies open at the bottom of the chest. It seems to belong to a grunt named Griva)
（一本日记摊开在箱子底部。看起来属于一个名叫格里瓦的杂兵）

That swine, Udra, has cheated on the card game again yesterday.  She thinks that just because
那个乌德拉又昨天在牌局上作弊了。她以为自己更强壮就能这

she's stronger, she can push everyone around like that. I've bought a Potion of Might, which I'll
样随意摆布大家。我已经买了一瓶力量药水，会藏在隐蔽的

keep in the hiding spot.   Let's see how tough she'll be after I slip some of it into my drink before
地方。今晚重赛前我往我的饮料里加点，看看她还能有多硬

tonight's rematch. I don't care if Dendra puts the whip on us, Udra simply has to be put in place.
。就算丹德拉用鞭子抽我们，乌德拉也必须被收拾一下。

TO MOUNTAIN PASS
通往山隘

This door seems to be locked from the other side.
这扇门似乎从另一侧锁住了。

Lancer Dendra's Log, Rotation 509, Day 238
丹德拉上尉的日记，第509轮，第238天

Seems like I can hardly have any silence around the base this week.  Just as I was about to set
看来这周基地很难安静下来了。我正准备前往矮人要塞谈判进一

off to the dwarven fortress to negotiate the further trades, I have to deal with Udra stirring
步的贸易时，又不得不处理乌德拉挑起的另一场冲突——这次是

another fight, this time with Griva.   They've managed to crack up one of the windows inside the
和格里瓦打起来。他们甚至砸碎了兵营里的一个窗户，但当我前

barracks but as I went to lay discipline, I've discovered something far more worrying   -  a note.
去整顿纪律时，却发现了一件更令人担忧的事——一张纸条。

Hidden between a shutter and an iron panel, and written in Human language. Upon reading it, my
隐藏在百叶窗和铁板之间，用人类语言写成。当我读完它时

expectations have been confirmed - my bag has been stolen! I've already tasked the Reavers to
，我的猜测得到了证实——我的背包被偷了！我已经让掠夺

search around for other such notes, and devise a plan to ambush and root these rats out. I have
者们四处搜寻类似的纸条，并制定计划伏击这些老鼠。我感

a really bad feeling about this...        I know I should see to this matter by myself and try to find
觉这件事很不妙……我知道应该亲自处理此事并查明背包的

out where my bag has been hidden but dwarves are keen on punctuality so I'll have to leave now.
下落，但矮人族非常注重守时，所以我得现在就离开。

(A scroll lies hidden behind the chimney. You find that it is written in human language)
（一张卷轴隐藏在烟囱后方。你发现它也是用人类语言书写的）

Good, you've found the second note. Piecing all three together will reveal the location of
好，你找到了第二张纸条。将三张拼合起来就能找到地图的位置，这张

a map that will point you the way. You're good with riddles so let's play it safe, shall we?
地图会指引你前进的方向。你擅长解谜，那我们还是小心行事吧？

Your second clue is - OS. The third part lies under the hibernating bear's nose. Good luck.
你的第二条线索是 - OS。第三部分藏在冬眠熊的鼻子下面。祝你好运。

(A tiny note lies on the table. It seems to have been written by a human)
（一张小纸条放在桌上。看起来像是人类写的）

So you've found the last note.  This one should now point you towards the bag's location.
你已经找到了最后一张纸条。这张应该能指引你找到背包的位置。

The last clue is - ET.  Search around the basket and you'll find it eventually. Good luck.
最后一条线索是 - ET。在篮子周围搜索，最终会找到它。祝你好运。

AUTOMATIC DEFENSE
自动防御系统

- OUTER SENTRY GUNS -
- 外部守卫炮塔 -

AUTOMATIC DEFENSE
自动防御系统

- INNER SENTRY GUNS -
- 内部守卫炮塔 -

CLOSET
储物柜(CLOSET)

STORAGE
仓库(STORAGE)

SECURITY
安全系统(SECURITY)

CRYSTAL WARD CONTROL
水晶屏障控制

LIVING QUARTERS
生活区

REPAIR BAY
维修湾

CRYSTAL WARD ACTIVATION
水晶屏障激活

The Crystal Ward may only be deactivated under direct order from the Lancer Council. Should
水晶屏障只能在长枪兵议会的直接命令下解除。若需

a powerful magical ritual require to be performed,  the commanding officer will be instructed
执行强大的魔法仪式，指挥官将被明确指示何时以及

directly on when and for how long should the defence be lowered.  Reactivating the ward can be
持续多久降低防御。重新激活屏障需遵循三个步骤：

done following three steps:       first, the commanding officer and her aide will use their keys on
首先，指挥官及其助手需使用钥匙操作控制能量晶体

the two switches that control the power crystal sources. Secondly, the maintenance crew must
来源的两个开关；其次，维护团队必须手动开启屏障

manually turn on the four support pillars at the ward's base.   The pillars can be activated at
底部的四个支撑柱。这些支撑柱可随时启动，但不应

any time, but should not stay idle for hours.  Lastly, the middle switch will activate the ward.
长时间闲置；最后，中间的开关将激活水晶屏障。

WARNING:  Do not activate if any large scale magic is being performed in Valc or its proximity.
警告：若在瓦尔克或其周边区域进行大规模魔法施放，请勿激活。

CRYSTAL WARD ACTIVATION
水晶屏障激活

The Crystal Ward may only be deactivated under direct order from the Lancer Council. Should
水晶屏障只能在长枪兵议会的直接命令下解除。若需

a powerful magical ritual require to be performed,  the commanding officer will be instructed
执行强大的魔法仪式，指挥官将被明确指示何时以及

directly on when and for how long should the defence be lowered.  Reactivating the ward can be
持续多久降低防御。重新激活屏障需遵循三个步骤：

done following three steps:       first, the commanding officer and her aide will use their keys on
首先，指挥官及其助手需使用钥匙操作控制能量晶体

the two switches that control the power crystal sources. Secondly, the maintenance crew must
来源的两个开关；其次，维护团队必须手动开启屏障

manually turn on the four support pillars at the ward's base.   The pillars can be activated at
底部的四个支撑柱。这些支撑柱可随时启动，但不应

any time, but should not stay idle for hours.  Lastly, the middle switch will activate the ward.
长时间闲置；最后，中间的开关将激活水晶屏障。

WARNING:  Do not activate if any large scale magic is being performed in Valc or its proximity.
警告：若在瓦尔克或其周边区域进行大规模魔法施放，请勿激活。

I haven't received word from our cultists tasked with taking over the dwarven fortress.
我尚未收到负责夺取矮人要塞的邪教徒的消息。

The attack is either still going, or these fools have perished in the snow before they could
攻击要么仍在进行中，要么这些蠢货已在雪地中丧生，连武

even get to draw steel. Mistress Nithriel has specifically ordered to keep this base sealed
器都没来得及拔出。妮丝瑞尔女士特别下令必须封锁此基地

off to any visitors,  as it is critical to our ability to teleport reinforcements in.      I have
以防任何访客进入，因为这对我们的传送增援能力至关重要

blocked the switch for the mountain gate with a magical seal. Nobody is to tamper with it.
。我已用魔法封印了山门开关，任何人不得擅自触碰。

I haven't received word from our cultists tasked with taking over the dwarven fortress.
我尚未收到负责夺取矮人要塞的邪教徒的消息。

The attack is either still going, or these fools have perished in the snow before they could
攻击要么仍在进行中，要么这些蠢货已在雪地中丧生，连武

even get to draw steel. Mistress Nithriel has specifically ordered to keep this base sealed
器都没来得及拔出。妮丝瑞尔女士特别下令必须封锁此基地

off to any visitors,  as it is critical to our ability to teleport reinforcements in.      I have
以防任何访客进入，因为这对我们的传送增援能力至关重要

blocked the switch for the mountain gate with a magical seal. Nobody is to tamper with it.
。我已用魔法封印了山门开关，任何人不得擅自触碰。

(A fancy journal sits on the nightstand. The pages are decorated with earthly symbols)
（一本精致的笔记本放在床头柜上。书页上装饰着大地符文）

It's been six days since that Witch, Lith, came here with a Ward deactivation order. I can't help
自从那个女巫利思带着屏障解除命令来到这里已经六天了。我不

but wonder what they are doing... the order was indeed signed by their chieftain, Zura, and had
禁好奇他们到底在做什么……这份命令确实由他们的首领祖拉签

the Council's approval seal on it, but she refused to give out any information about what ritual
署，并加盖了议会的批准印章，但她却拒绝透露正在进行的仪式

was being performed. Clearly it has to be something strong since we need to lower the Ward so it
内容。显然这必须是一项强大的魔法，因为我们需要降低屏障以

doesn't tamper with their magic. Dendra didn't seem to care much. I believe she's going through
免干扰他们的施法。丹德拉似乎并不太在意。我认为她正经历着

a hard time keeping the base together, and now she's about to set off to the dwarven fortress.
艰难地维持基地运转的时期，而现在她即将前往矮人要塞。

...perhaps I'm being too judgemental about Witches. After all, nothing bad has happened so far.
……也许我对女巫们过于苛责了。毕竟到目前为止还没有发生任何坏事。

The deactivation order expires tomorrow, so I'll have to go turn on the Crystal Ward by myself,
解除命令将在明天到期，所以我得亲自启动水晶屏障，之后

and then I'll probably have some time to help the Reavers find out whoever stole Dendra's bag.
大概还有时间帮助掠夺者查明是谁偷走了丹德拉的袋子。

