Bear Warrior:    You okay, sarge?
熊战士：你没事吧，中士？

Looks like we're at the Forge... hey, is that a Sentry? We could use one of these.
看来我们到锻造场了……嘿，那是哨兵炮塔吗？我们可以用一个。

Tiati:   ...sorry Zan, but I just can't trust you.
蒂亚提：……对不起，瓒，但我不能相信你。

Tiati:   How did you?... okay, go through the portal, I'll be right behind.
蒂亚提：你怎么做到的？……好吧，穿过传送门，我随后就到。

Reaver Tiati:    *Knocks on glass*
里弗·蒂亚提：*敲击玻璃*

Bear Warrior:    Hey, is that Tiati? Looks like she's trapped in there...
熊战士：嘿，那是蒂亚提吗？她好像被困在里面了……

Bear Warrior:    Damn it, we're too late! Looks like we'll have to find yet another way around...
熊战士：该死，我们来晚了！看来我们得另想办法了……

Bear Warrior:    Now I'm glad I brought my fire boots along...
熊战士：现在我很庆幸我带了防火鞋……

The switch is out of power.
开关没电了。

This cracked wall looks like it could be broken with the right tool.
这面裂开的墙看起来可以用合适的工具打破。

You'll need a proper tool to mine this ore vein.
你需要一个合适的工具来开采这个矿脉。

The Forgotten One:   ...thank...you...
被遗忘者：……谢……谢……

Bear Warrior:    Rest well, ghost.
熊战士：好好休息吧，幽灵。

The lever won't budge.
杠杆动不了。

The Forgotten One:   *Ghastly* ...who steps into my maze?... a... fellow immortal?
被遗忘者：*可怕的*……谁闯入了我的迷宫？……一名……同道？

The Forgotten One:   Demonblood... you must help me...
被遗忘者：恶魔之血……你必须帮我……

Bear Warrior:    A Minotaur ghost? I wonder what he wants...
熊战士：牛头人幽灵？我想知道他想要什么……

The Forgotten One:   ...I was a legendary axesmith... they sealed away my anvil...
被遗忘者：……我曾是传奇斧匠……他们封印了我的铁砧……

The Forgotten One:   ...the walls here... they speak... they hold the key to freedom...
被遗忘者：……这里的墙……它们会说话……它们掌握着自由的钥匙……

Bear Warrior:    Well I did notice some odd looking walls around here.
熊战士：我注意到这里的墙壁看起来很奇怪。

The Forgotten One:   ...I cannot have rest... I need my anvil... help me...
被遗忘者：……我不能休息…… 我需要我的铁砧……帮帮我……

Tip: You can switch between ammo types by pressing the Potion Launcher key (DEFAULT: 6)
提示：按下药水发射器键（默认值：6）可切换弹药类型。

Looks like the main power has been shut down.
主电源好像被关闭了。

The switch is stuck. Seems like you'll need the proper tools to unjam it without damaging it.
开关被卡住了。看来您需要适当的工具才能在不损坏开关的情况下将其打开。

This switch requires an Iron key to open the door.
这个开关需要铁钥匙才能打开。

This door requires an Earth key to open.
这扇门需要地钥匙才能打开。

This switch requires the Earth key to activate the lift.
这个开关需要土钥匙才能启动电梯。

This strange door has an axe-shaped keyhole to the side.
这扇奇怪的门侧面有一个斧头形状的钥匙孔。

Bear Warrior:    Fire in the hole!
熊战士：向洞里开火！

You should grab the gear from the anvil before you leave.
你应该在离开前从铁砧上拿上装备。

You don't have any Iron Ore to smelt.
你没有铁矿石可以冶炼。

You must claim the Iron Ingot before using the machine again.
你必须在再次使用机器前领取铁锭。

You already have an Iron Key.
您已经有一把铁钥匙。

You don't have any Iron Ingots.
您没有铁锭。

The Iron Key is ready to be picked.
铁钥匙已准备好提取。

You don't have any Iron Ingots.
您没有铁锭。

You must claim the Fragfire Can before using the machine again.
再次使用机器前，您必须领取脆火罐。

You don't have all the required materials.
您没有所有需要的材料。

You must claim the Boltmag before using the machine again.
再次使用机器前，您必须领取 Boltmag。

You don't have any Iron Ingots.
您没有铁锭。

You must claim all the Spikes before using the machine again.
再次使用机器前，您必须认领所有尖刺。

You don't have all the required materials.
所需材料不全。

You must claim the Fire Hammer before using the machine again.
您必须在再次使用机器前领取火锤。

You don't have enough Iron Ingots.
您没有足够的铁锭。

You must claim the Great Axe before using the machine again.
再次使用机器前，您必须认领大斧。

You don't have any Iron Ingots.
您没有铁锭。

You must claim the Axe before using the machine again.
再次使用机器前，您必须认领大斧头。

The Mithril Ingot is ready to be picked.
米特尔金锭已准备好采摘。

You don't have any Mithril Ore to smelt.
您没有可以熔炼的米特尔矿石。

You already have a Mithril Bar.
您已经有了一个米特里尔棒。

You need five lumps of Mithril Ore to smelt an Ingot.
您需要五块米特尔矿石才能熔炼一块金属锭。

The Mould is filled and ready to be picked.
铸模已装满，可以提取。

You must place the empty mould under the tap first.
您必须先将空模具放在水龙头下。

You don't have any Mithril Ingots to cast.
您没有任何米索林铸锭可以铸造。

The Gear Mould is placed and ready to be filled.
齿轮模具已放置并准备填充。

You don't have any Mould to place.
您没有模具可放。

The Mithril Gear has been finally finished and is ready to be picked up.
米特尔齿轮已最终完成，可以拾取。

You don't have anything that needs to be hammered on the Great Forge's Anvil.
您没有任何需要在大锻造砧上敲打的东西。

I couldn't help but see you struggle with herding the Forge Elementals by the lava pools.
看到你在熔岩池边费力地驱赶锻造元素，我也忍不住了。

Take this magic ring,  we dwarves use it to protect ourselves from the might of the fire...
带上这枚魔戒，我们矮人用它来保护自己免受火焰的威力……

Perhaps we could take a stroll through the caverns tomorrow? I'll show you how to use it.
也许我们明天可以去洞穴走走？我教你怎么用它

Maybe stop by the tavern to have a drink too?  I will wait for you by the forge. - Thorvald
要不要也去酒馆喝一杯？ 我在锻造场等你。- 索瓦尔德

Birth of the Earthborn - Chapter 7: The Pact
大地之子的诞生 - 第七章：契约

[...]    and now when they were forced to watch the ruins of their civilisation, both the Dwarves and
[……]而现在，当他们被迫看着自己文明的废墟时，矮人和牛头人都明

the Minotaurs understood that there was no more place for petty quarrels. Only now were their eyes
白，再也没有地方可以用来争吵了。直到现在，他们才睁开眼睛，被

open as they were forced to gaze over the smoldering ruins of their once great home towns. But alas,
迫注视着他们曾经伟大的家乡那片正在燃烧的废墟。但可惜为时已晚

t'was too late. The few who survived the Demon invasion were scattered throughout Hedon's caverns,
。在恶魔入侵中幸存下来的少数人散落在海顿的洞穴中，被迫像瘦弱

forced to live like scrawny nomads, struggling to survive day by day. No longer did they have the will
的游牧民族一样生活，日复一日地挣扎求生。他们知道魔族是如何利

to fight each other, knowing how the Demons used the seed of subterfuge to divide and conquer them.
用潜伏的种子来分化和征服他们的，因此再也没有斗志互相争斗了。

The incompetent and corrupt leaders were already dead. It was time for the strong to take lead once
无能和腐败的领导者已经死去。是时候让强者再次领导了。而这些

more. And those new leaders had a great thirst for vengeance. Great enough to forge an alliance with
新的领导者对复仇有着极大的渴望。大到足以与他们曾经蔑视的人

the ones they once despised. [...] Now both Dwarves and Minotaurs stand by the same purpose. To fight
结盟 [……]现在，矮人和牛头人都抱着同样的目的。对抗恶魔，重

the Demons and rebuild their fallen prosperity. And here, the Iron Division Orcs make them an offer[...]
建衰落的繁荣。在这里，铁甲兽人向他们提出了一个提议[……]

It will probably take days before the portal recharges enough power to be activated again.
传送门可能需要好几天才能恢复足够的能量再次启动。

(Tiati is gone, looks like you were too late and the portal has closed)
(提亚提不见了，看来你来得太晚了，传送门已经关闭了）。

(A new message lies on the glass, written in strange dark marks. Oddly enough, you can read it)
(玻璃上有一条新信息，是用奇怪的黑笔写的。奇怪的是，你能读懂它）

You will follow me... you will remember me...
你会跟随我……你会记得我

(You see Tiati on the other side of the window. She nods at you, but doesn't look
(你看到蒂亚提在窗户的另一边。她对你点点头，但看到你并没

very relieved to see you.  A finger-traced message lies on the reinforced glass)
有松一口气的样子。 强化玻璃上有一条手指划过的信息）

Locked me in. Threw key. Portal running out. Hurry.
把我锁在里面 扔了钥匙。传送门即将关闭。快点。

(You notice a rolled parchment right by the portal. Tiati's writing style is already familiar to you)
(你注意到传送门旁有一张卷好的羊皮纸。蒂亚提的书写方式你已经很熟悉了）

The portal gate is fading out, so I really have to go.  I'm not sure if you'll get here anytime soon,
传送门正在消失，所以我真的得走了。 我不确定你是否很快就能到这里，但如果

but if you read this, know that your only hope to reach the Crystal Heart now lies inside the Grove.
你读到了这封信，你要知道，你现在到达水晶之心的唯一希望就在小树林里。

The portal there should still be functional since it has a stronger power source... however, I think you
那里的传送门应该还能用，因为它有更强的动力源……不过，我想你

have also noticed that the park gate leading to it got sabotaged by the cultists back in the Plaza...
也注意到了，通往那里的公园大门被广场上的邪教徒破坏了……

The main gear that was operating the gate mechanism was broken. You will have to search around for
操作大门装置的主齿轮坏了。你必须四处寻找备用零件。前往车间，

spare parts. Head to the workshop, there has to be some information about what kind of gear you need
那里一定有关于你需要更换哪种齿轮的信息。或者至少知道如何制

to replace. Or at least how to craft it. Take this key, and a couple spare mags I had. You'll need them.
作。拿着这把钥匙，还有我的几个备用弹夹。你会需要它们的。

(You notice a rolled parchment right by the portal. Tiati's writing style is already familiar to you.)
(你注意到传送门旁有一张卷好的羊皮纸。蒂亚提的书写风格你已经很熟悉了）。

The portal gate is fading out, so I really have to go.  I'm not sure if you'll get here anytime soon,
传送门快关了，我得走了  我不确定你是否很快就能到达这里，但如果你读

but if you read this, know that your only hope to reach the Crystal Heart now lies inside the Grove.
到了这封信，你要知道，现在你到达水晶之心的唯一希望就在小树林里。

The portal there should still be functional since it has a stronger power source... however, I think you
那里的传送门应该还能用，因为它有更强的动力源……不过，我想你

have also noticed that the park gate leading to it got sabotaged by the cultists back in the Plaza...
也注意到了，通往那里的公园大门被广场上的邪教徒破坏了……

The main gear that was operating the gate mechanism was broken. You will have to search around for
操作大门装置的主齿轮坏了。你必须四处寻找备用零件。前往车间

spare parts. Head to the workshop, there has to be some information about what kind of gear you need
，那里一定有关于你需要更换哪种齿轮的信息。或者至少知道如何

to replace. Or at least how to craft it. Take this key, and a couple spare mags I had. You'll need them.
制作。拿着这把钥匙，还有我的几个备用弹夹。你会需要它们的

I can't take this pressure anymore!  First, the Forge Elementals suddenly tried to kill me
我受不了这种压力了  先是锻造元素突然无缘无故要杀我，现在

for no reason and now these giant hungry worms popped out of nowhere! Vica went out to
又突然冒出这些巨大的饥饿蠕虫！薇卡出去查看一些奇怪的声

inspect some odd noises and the next thing I know,  I'm running over her body towards
音，紧接着我就越过她的身体，向最近的藏身洞跑去。  当然

the nearest hiding hole.   Of course, I had no time to pick up my gun...  Oh, Fire and Iron,
，我来不及拿起我的枪……  哦，铁与火，这次我们怎么惹你

how have we angered you this time? Haven't we offered our best metal and flame to you?
生气了？我们不是已经把最好的金属和火焰献给你们了吗？

Maybe I can sneak by through the vents. Guess I'll have to leave my stuff here, then...
也许我可以从通风口溜进去 看来我得把东西留在这里了……

(You recover a burnt fragment of a scroll. Most of the text has been ruined)
（你找到一个烧焦的卷轴碎片，大部分文字都被毁了）

.. don't harves.. red crystal clusters..nly the single one ..n't explode when pulled o..
红色水晶簇……只有一个……拉动时不会爆炸……

GATE & DRAWBRIDGE CONTROL
大门和吊桥控制

WORKSHOP
工作室

MOULD FORGE
模具锻造

DWARVEN FORGE
达文锻造场

REPAIR BAY
维修舱

Some stupid Iron Urchin wandered into one of the testing caves yesterday and the Sentry
昨天，一个愚蠢的铁胆怪物闯进了一个测试洞穴，哨兵开始向它射

started shooting at it.     Little fucker didn't shy away and charged right at it,  blowing
击。    小家伙毫不退缩，直接冲了过去，把它炸成了碎片。如你

it to bits. As you can see,  the Sentry's messed up,  but I reckon you can fix the hull...
所见，哨兵号被炸得一团糟，但我想你可以修好它的外壳……

I'll handle its brain once you're done here.  Clearly I need to talk to the Lancers, since it
等你忙完了，我来处理它的大脑  显然我得和长枪党谈谈 因为他们似

seems they forgot to program the damn thing to not shoot at our own maintenance drones.
乎忘了给那该死的东西编程 让它不向我们自己的维修无人机开火

Anyway, I've dropped you a working Sentry for reference. Remember that once you deploy
总之，我给你扔了个能用的哨兵供你参考。记住，一旦你部署了它，你就

it, you will need the right tools to unpack it or it will self destruct.   Call me for help.   -V.
需要合适的工具来拆开它，否则它会自毁。  打电话给我寻求帮助。  -V.

It will be long until we return from the war against the demons, but as always, you
距离我们从与恶魔的战争中归来还需要很长时间，但和往常一样

have to learn the reins of patience, my son. You've been fulfilling your apprenticeship
，你必须学会忍耐，我的孩子。你已经很好地完成了学徒的任务

well, so I will allow you to finally reach beyond our old ways of smelting. At last, you
，所以我允许你最终超越我们过去的冶炼方式。最后，你终于可

may finally use the Smelting Machine to make precise iron bars.   Drop the iron ore into
以用冶炼机制造精密的铁条了。  将铁矿石投入炽热的炉膛，当

the red hot hearth and marvel as it melts and drips into the shape of an ingot.   Don't
它熔化并滴落成铁锭的形状时，你会惊叹不已。  不要放弃你的

forsake your duty, and do not envy mine.   Your task here is as difficult as fighting a
职责，也不要羡慕我的职责。  你在这里的任务就像与一群凶猛

horde of foul beasts, and I trust that you'll stand up to our name. Stone be with you.
的野兽搏斗一样艰巨，我相信你会不辱使命。石头与你同在

It will be long until we return from the war against the demons, but as always, you
我们还要很久才能从与恶魔的战争中归来，但一如既往，你必

have to learn the reins of patience, my son. You've been fulfilling your apprenticeship
须学会忍耐，我的孩子。你已经很好地完成了学徒的任务 所以

well, so I will allow you to finally reach beyond our old ways of smelting. At last, you
我允许你最终超越我们古老的冶炼方式 最后，你终于可以用冶

may finally use the Smelting Machine to make precise iron bars.   Drop the iron ore into
炼机制造精密的铁条了。  将铁矿石投入炽热的炉膛，当它熔

the red hot hearth and marvel as it melts and drips into the shape of an ingot.   Don't
化并滴落成铁锭的形状时，你会惊叹不已。  不要放弃你的职

forsake your duty, and do not envy mine.   Your task here is as difficult as fighting a
责，也不要羡慕我的职责。  你在这里的任务就像与一群凶猛

horde of foul beasts, and I trust that you'll stand up to our name. Stone be with you.
的野兽搏斗一样艰巨，我相信你会不辱使命。石头与你同在。

(This parchment bears the seal of Witch Chieftain Zura. It must be of some importance)
(这张羊皮纸上有巫师酋长祖拉的印章。它一定很重要）

My dear Fixer, I hope you have well received this new box of potions. You must be allured
我亲爱的修复者，希望你收到了这盒新药水。你一定会被它们的气

by their scent and color...  and so will our enemies be.  Ah, the sweet smell of death. But
味和颜色所吸引……我们的敌人也会如此。 啊，死亡的香味 不过

I digress. We've come up with a new bottle design, so the Potion Launcher must be tested
我跑题了 我们想出了新的瓶子设计 所以药水发射器必须经过测试 才

to shoot it accordingly. One week should be enough time for you to find any possible flaws.
能发射出相应的药水 一周的时间应该足够你找出任何可能的缺陷。

If not, then perhaps I can give you some incentive and let you know that we're looking for
如果没有，也许我可以给你们一些奖励，告诉你们我们正在寻找妖精

goblins to test our...  other products on.  Oh, and one final warning. Do not break the cans
来测试我们的……其他产品。 哦，还有最后一个警告 如果附近有大

if there is any big fire nearby. The pink gas can be quite volatile... such tragic outcomes...
火，不要打破罐子。粉红色的气体很不稳定……结果会很悲惨……

(The schematics depict some mechanisms the Fixers were working on)
(示意图描述了修复者们正在研究的一些机制）

I've finally repaired the Key Machine.   Tell the minotaurs to come haul it back
我终于修好了钥匙机器。  叫牛头人把它拖回模具锻造

to the mould forge, this thing makes so much noise I can't hear my own thoughts.
室，这东西噪音太大了，我都听不清自己在想什么。

I've finally repaired the Key Machine.   Tell the minotaurs to come haul it back
我终于修好了钥匙机。  叫牛头人把它拖回铸模锻造场

to the mould forge, this thing makes so much noise I can't hear my own thoughts.
，这东西噪音太大，我都听不见自己在想什么了。

IRON KEY MOULD MACHINE
铁钥匙铸模机

1. Insert an Iron Ingot inside the hearth and close the hatch
1. 将一块铁锭放入炉膛并关闭舱门

2. Once the right hatch is open, remove the Key from the mould
2. 打开右侧舱门后，从模具中取出钥匙

IRON KEY MOULD MACHINE
铁钥匙模具机

1. Insert an Iron Ingot inside the hearth and close the hatch
1. 将一块铁锭放入炉膛并关闭舱门

2. Once the right hatch is open, remove the Key from the mould
2. 右舱门打开后，从模具中取出钥匙

SPIKE MOULD MACHINE
铁钉造型机

1. Insert an Iron Ingot inside the hearth and close the hatch
1. 将一块铁锭放入炉膛并关闭舱门

2. Once the right hatch is open, remove the Spikes from the mould
2. 右侧舱门打开后，从模具中取出钉子

BOLTMAG MOULD MACHINE
boltmag 铸模机

1. Insert an Iron Ingot inside the hearth and three Red Crystals into the sockets
1. 在炉膛中插入一块铁锭，在插座中插入三块红色晶体

2. Once the crafting process is complete, remove the Boltmag from the mould
2. 制作完成后，从模具中取出 Boltmag

FRAGFIRE CAN MOULD MACHINE
易碎火罐成型机

1. Insert an Iron Ingot inside the hearth and close the hatch
1. 将一块铁锭放入炉膛并关闭舱门

2. Once the right hatch is open, remove the Fragfire Can from the mould
2. 右侧舱门打开后，从模具中取出脆火罐

FIRE HAMMER MOULD MACHINE
火锤模具机

1. Insert one Iron Ingot and six Red Crystals inside the hearth and close the hatch
1. 将一块铁锭和六块红色晶体放入炉膛并关闭舱门

2. Once the right hatch is open, remove the Fire Hammer from the mould
2. 右侧舱门打开后，从模具中取出火锤

GREAT AXE MOULD MACHINE
巨斧模具机

1. Insert Eight Iron Ingots inside the hearth and close the hatch
1. 将八块铁锭放入炉床并关闭舱门

2. Once the right hatch is open, remove the Great Axe from the mould
2. 右舱门打开后，从模具中取出大斧头

AXE MOULD MACHINE
斧头模具机

1. Insert an Iron Ingot inside the hearth and close the hatch
1. 将一块铁锭放入炉膛并关闭舱门

2. Once the right hatch is open, remove the Axe from the mould
2. 右侧舱门打开后，从模具中取出斧头

This machine does not appear to be functional.
这台机器似乎无法使用。

Gate Mechanisms - Gear A2
浇口装置 - A2 型齿轮

A2 type gears are the main component of many mechanical gate engines. Unlike the other
A2 型齿轮是许多机械闸门引擎的主要部件。但与其他齿轮

ones,  however,  they must be forged out of Mithril to be able to last through extended
不同的是，它们必须由米索林锻造而成，才能在长时间使

use without being deformed or damaged. Crafting Mithril Gears requires the Great Forge.
用后不变形或损坏。制作米特里尔齿轮需要大锻造场。

Firstly, drop five lumps of Mithril Ore into the Forge's Smelting Machine to obtain an Ingot.
首先，将五块米特尔矿石投入锻造炉的熔炼机，获得一块铸锭。

Secondly, you must place the corresponding Mould under the Forge's Cauldron and cast the Gear.
其次，必须将相应的模具放在锻造炉的熔炉下，然后铸造齿轮。

Last step involves hammering the crude gear on the Forge's Anvil, to correct any imperfections.
最后一步是在锻造炉的铁砧上锤打粗齿轮，以修正任何瑕疵。

Once the final notch is hammered, allow the finished gear to cool down before using it.
锤打出最后一个缺口后，让成品齿轮冷却后再使用。

(You notice a parchment with detailed diagrams sitting next to the instructions)
(您注意到说明书旁边有一张羊皮纸，上面有详细的图解）

(You've already taken the diagram parchment that was attached to the instructions)
(您已经拿走了附在说明书上的羊皮纸图解）

Gate Mechanisms - Gear A2
闸门机构 - A2 齿轮

A2 type gears are the main component of many mechanical gate engines. Unlike the other
A2 型齿轮是许多机械闸门引擎的主要部件。但与其他齿轮

ones,  however,  they must be forged out of Mithril to be able to last through extended
不同的是，它们必须由米索利锻造而成，才能在长时间使

use without being deformed or damaged. Crafting Mithril Gears requires the Great Forge.
用后不变形或损坏。制作米特里尔齿轮需要大锻造场。

Firstly, drop five lumps of Mithril Ore into the Forge's Smelting Machine to obtain an Ingot.
首先，将五块米特尔矿石投入锻造炉的熔炼机，获得一块铸锭。

Secondly, you must place the corresponding Mould under the Forge's Cauldron and cast the Gear.
其次，必须将相应的模具放在锻造炉的熔炉下，然后铸造齿轮。

Last step involves hammering the crude gear on the Forge's Anvil, to correct any imperfections.
最后一步是在锻造炉的铁砧上锤打粗齿轮，以修正任何瑕疵。

Once the final notch is hammered, allow the finished gear to cool down before using it.
锤打出最后一个缺口后，让成品齿轮冷却后再使用。

(You notice a parchment with detailed diagrams sitting next to the instructions)
(您注意到说明书旁边有一张羊皮纸，上面有详细的图解）

(You've already taken the diagram parchment that was attached to the instructions)
(你已经拿走了附在说明书上的羊皮纸图解）

Demons! Wretched scum, it all makes sense now... They waited for our forces to leave...
恶魔 可恶的人渣，现在一切都说得通了…… 他们在等待我们的军队离开……

They corrupted the Forge Elementals.    They have sent the giant worms to weaken our
他们腐蚀了锻造元素。   他们派巨虫来削弱我们的水晶屏障……所有人

crystal barriers...  everyone's been slain... if only I could warn the minotaurs...  Hell, if
都被杀死了……要是我能警告牛头人就好了……  见鬼，要是我的腿没

only my leg weren't a charred mess... if only I had that ring Thorvald gave me...  urgh...
被烧成焦炭就好了……要是我还有索瓦尔德给我的戒指就好了……唉

What a shitty way to go... at least I can write my last thoughts down... I'm so thirsty...
真是个糟糕的死法……至少我还能把最后的想法写下来…… 我好渴……

I saw a mithril vein gleaming in the dark while I was resting next to the dark chasm last
上周我在黑暗峡谷旁休息时，看到一条米特尔矿脉在黑暗中闪闪发

week.  No, not the one inside Iron's shrine which we don't mine due to stupid superstitions, I
光。 不，不是铁神龛里的那个，因为愚蠢的迷信，我们没有开采

already said I'd stop trying to convince our goblin friend to jump inside there and get it.
它，我已经说过我不会再说服我们的妖精朋友跳进去拿它了。

...come to think of it, maybe we can get her to climb around the chasm's walls and get this
……仔细想想，也许我们可以让她爬过峡谷的墙壁，拿到另一条

other vein! Maybe you can talk to her though, she's still upset over *that* incident. Heh.
矿脉！也许你可以跟她谈谈，她还在为那件事生气呢。呵呵。

P.S. What's with all the tension brewing up lately? Ever since the tremors started, you guys
附注：最近怎么这么紧张？自从地震开始，你们就一直在发脾气。我甚

have been losing your shit. I even saw the barkeeper haul in this weird looking gun along with
至看到酒吧老板把这把奇怪的枪和几个大箱子一起拖了进来。我敢打

some giant boxes. He's keeping it in his secret spot I bet. I also bet he'll never get to use it.
赌，他肯定把枪藏在他的秘密地点了。我还打赌他永远也用不上了

TO VALC'S PLAZA
前往瓦尔克广场

(The strange parchment seems to be written in demonic tongue. You easily translate it)
(奇怪的羊皮纸上似乎写着恶魔之语。你很容易就能翻译出来）

IDIOTS!  That's NOT the tunnel you were supposed to cave in! How are we supposed to get back
白痴！ 那不是你们应该钻进去的隧道！我们现在怎么回到兽人广

up to the orcish plaza now?    Get the spare powder kegs here RIGHT NOW.   And try not to blow
场？   马上把备用火药桶拿过来。  还有，尽量别把自己炸飞了，

yourselves up now, how many times do I have to tell you to get a longer fuse and STAY AWAY!!!
我跟你们说过多少次了，买个长点的引线，然后离远点！！！

Tip: You can pick up Sentry Turrets with (DEFAULT: E) and drop them with (DEFAULT: LMB)
提示：您可以使用（默认：E）拾取哨兵炮塔，然后使用（默认：鼠标左键）丢弃它们。

This door seems to be locked from the other side.
这扇门似乎是从另一侧锁上的。

ELEVATOR TO ICEPEAK
电梯通往冰峰

