Loading...
加载中……

Earth Mother:    The Dwarf Town... its true name has faded throughout the ages, but the grandeur has endured.
大地之母：矮人镇……它的真名在岁月长河中逐渐模糊，但辉煌却始终留存。

Fixer:    This place is giving me goose bumps... and I don't think it's just the cold.
修复者：这里让我起了鸡皮疙瘩……而且我确定不只是因为寒冷。

Earth Mother:    The Dwarf Town... its true name has faded throughout the ages, but the grandeur has endured.
大地之母：矮人镇……它的真名在岁月长河中逐渐模糊，但辉煌却始终留存。

Fixer:    This place is giving me goose bumps... and I don't think it's just the cold.
修复者：这里让我起了鸡皮疙瘩……而且我确定不只是因为寒冷。

High Priest Jaromir:    Ah, there you are! A bit late for the fight, though, we've dealt with the welcoming party.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：啊，终于找到你了！不过战斗来得有点晚，我们已经处理完迎宾的家伙了。

Earth Mother:    Good to see you've made it, high priest. Are any of your dwarves in need of healing?
大地之母：见到你平安抵达很高兴，高阶祭司。你的矮人族有需要治疗的吗？

High Priest Jaromir:    Nay, they'll be fine. Save your powers for whatever lies down there.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：不，他们没事。把法力留着应对下面的东西吧。

Fixer:    T-there are cultists here? I knew it, I wasn't just hearing things!
修复者：这——这里真的有邪教徒？我就说不是我听错了！

High Priest Jaromir:    I should have waited for you, lass... we were ambushed on our way here... lost all my dwarves...
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：我本该等你的，姑娘……我们来这里的路上遭遇伏击……失去了所有矮人……

Earth Mother:    Priest Jaromir, you look battered! Let me take a look at your wounds...
大地之母：祭司贾罗米尔，你看起来伤痕累累！让我看看你的伤口……

High Priest Jaromir:    I'll be fine, lady. Save your powers for later... something tells me you'll need them.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：我会没事的，女士。把法力留到后面吧……我有种预感你会需要它们。

Fixer:    That's terrible! Zan? A-are you sure we should keep going without any b-backup?
修复者：太糟糕了！瓒？我——我们真的应该继续前进而不带任何支——支援吗？

H.Priest Jaromir:    Ah, I see you're trying to put together a diving suit. Very good, but you will need a few items...
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：啊，我明白你在尝试组装潜水装备。很好，但你需要一些物品……

High Priest Jaromir:    You're going to need a special diving mask and a tank filled with enough air to allow
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：你需要一副特殊的潜水面罩，以及一个装满足够空气的气瓶，这

you to explore the waters like a fish.     And with all this chilling ice, a suit is much needed, one covered in
样才能像鱼一样在水中探索。此外，面对这寒冷的冰层，一套覆盖保护油脂的防护服

protective grease... the only problem I see is getting something for your... orc size.   Try finding two pairs.
是必不可少的……唯一的问题就是为你的……兽人尺寸准备装备。试着找两套。

You'll also need a smith to repair and assemble them properly. There's no room for shoddy work with this.
你还需要一位铁匠来修理和组装它们，这种事容不得马虎。

H.Priest Jaromir:    Looks like you have everything you need! Talk to my smith below, he'll craft the suit for you.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：看起来你已经准备齐全了！去下面找我的铁匠，他会为你打造这套装备。

H.Priest Jaromir:    So you gathered all the suit parts...hmm, go visit Hectus at the camp, he can surely fix it.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：所以你收集齐了所有防护服零件……嗯，去营地找赫克图斯吧，他一定能修好它。

High Priest Jaromir:    I have managed to restore life to the machinery here... though many parts have fallen to ruin.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：我已成功让这里的机械装置恢复运转……尽管许多部件已经沦为废墟。

H.Priest Jaromir:    Keep your eyes peeled. If you find any dwarven relics, bring 'em here and I'll try to identify them.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：留意四周。如果你发现任何矮人族遗物，带来这里让我尝试辨认。

H.Priest Jaromir:    I wasn't expecting to see cultists here... maybe Chieftain Zura is right and they're onto something.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：我没想到会在这里遇到邪教徒……也许酋长祖拉说得对，他们确实掌握了什么线索。

H.Priest Jaromir:    The underwater structures here would allow my ancestors to closely study the ancient vestiges.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：这里的水下建筑能让我的祖先近距离研究远古遗迹。

H.Priest Jaromir:    The archeologists would use special diving suits to navigate the waters. You'll have to improvise.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：考古学家会使用特殊潜水装备在水中穿行。你得自己想办法制作。

H.Priest Jaromir:    It's been ages, yet so much seems to have been preserved. Our builders have lived up to their name.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：已经很久没见了，但这里似乎保存得相当完好。我们的建造者果然名不虚传。

Dwarf Smith:    Oooh, ya found parts fer a diving suit? Sure, lass, I'll put it together for ya... one moment...
矮人铁匠：噢噢，你找到潜水装备的零件了？好啊，姑娘，我来帮你组装……稍等片刻……

Dwarf Smith:    Ya filled the tank? Good, good, it ain't leakin'! Let me put yer suit together then...
矮人铁匠：你把气瓶装满了？很好很好，它没漏气！那我就开始给你组装防护服吧……

Cleaned the rust, fixed the screws and sewed together a suit fer yer size! Hope yer horns won't poke through!
清理了锈迹、修好了螺丝并缝制了一套适合你尺寸的防护服！希望你的角不会戳出来！

Remember to use the station nearby to refill yer air tank if ya need it. It won't last you forever, lass!
记得需要时去附近的站点给你的气瓶重新充气。它可不会永远用得完，姑娘！

Dwarf Smith:    Ya found parts fer a diving suit? Ack, go fill the tank first, the air station is right 'ere, by the docks.
矮人铁匠：你找到潜水装备的零件了吗？哎呀，先去把气瓶装满吧，空气站就在那边码头旁。

Dwarf Smith:    Hmph. There's a lot of water down these caves, lass. Aye, many secrets are hiding beneath.
矮人铁匠：哼。这些洞穴里水很深，姑娘。确实，许多秘密都藏在深处。

Dwarf Smith:    Legends speak of demons who dwell in the dark depths... if ya see an eerie light, swim away!
矮人铁匠：传说中沉睡在黑暗深渊里的恶魔……如果你看到诡异的光芒，立刻游开！

Dwarf Smith:    Me grandad was an angler... one day he heard the water call his name! Aye, he was mortified!
矮人铁匠：我爷爷是个钓鱼人……有一天他听见水流叫他的名字！哎呀，他直接惊呆了！

Dwarf Smith:    Keep close to that Spike Gun, lass! Not many weapons can be as trustworthy underwater.
矮人铁匠：姑娘，紧握那把尖刺枪！很少有武器能在水下像它一样可靠。

Dwarf Smith:    Always take a harpoon with ya when ye dive deep. A pointy stick could save yer life!
矮人铁匠：每次下潜都要带上一把鱼叉！一根尖锐的木棍也许能救你的命！

Dwarf Shieldguard:    By Stone's Hammer, lass, I did not think I would live to see this day... this place...
矮人盾卫：以石之锤起誓，姑娘，我从未想过还能活到见到这一天……这个地方……

Dwarf Shieldguard:    Icepeak Fort pales in front of this great town! Oh, how much knowledge has been lost...
矮人盾卫：冰峰堡垒在眼前这座伟大城镇面前黯然失色！啊，有多少知识已经遗失了……

Dwarf Shieldguard:    After our ancestors' defeat, cultists have gradually occupied and defiled our cities.
矮人盾卫：在我们祖先战败后，邪教徒逐渐占据了并亵渎了我们的城市。

Dwarf Shieldguard:    One day we shall reclaim our heritage! Everything I've read about in our old books...
矮人盾卫：总有一天我们会夺回我们的遗产！我读过所有古书里记载的一切……

Dwarf Shieldguard:    We charged in and smashed the cultists! You should've seen their shocked faces, hah!
矮人盾卫：我们冲进去把邪教徒击溃了！你该看看他们惊恐的表情，哈哈！

Dwarf Shieldguard:    I don't think they were expecting the old dwellers of this place to return today.
矮人盾卫：我不认为他们预料到这座地方的旧住民今天会回来。

Dwarf Shieldguard:    A few cultists have scurried up into the upper part of town. They don't dare attack us.
矮人盾卫：几个邪教徒已经爬到了镇子上部。他们不敢攻击我们。

Dwarf Shieldguard:    We'd help ya break their barricade, but Jaromir wants us to defend the machinery here.
矮人盾卫：我们本可以帮你突破他们的路障，但贾罗米尔让我们在这里守护机械装置。

Earth Mother:    What a peculiar object... perhaps High Priest Jaromir can tell us something about it.
大地之母：这是个奇怪的物件……或许高阶祭司贾罗米尔能告诉我们一些关于它的事。

Earth Mother:    That looks like a diving suit... but it's way too small to fit your size.
大地之母：那看起来像潜水服……但它太小了，根本没法适合你的体型。

Earth Mother:    I can use my magic to breathe underwater, but sadly, I can't do anything for you.
大地之母：我能用魔法在水下呼吸，但很遗憾，我帮不了你。

Fixer:    You look like you saw a ghost down there! I... uhh, everything here has been secured!
修复者：你看起来像是看到了鬼！我……呃，这里的一切都已安全了！

Earth Mother:    The dwarves have left early. We should make haste and return to the base camp.
大地之母：矮人们已经提前离开了。我们应该赶快返回基地营。

Earth Mother:    High Priest Jarmoir has left early. We should make haste and return to the base camp.
大地之母：高阶祭司贾罗米尔也提前离开了。我们应该赶快返回基地营。

Fixer:    Oh no, no, no, I'm *not* going there!
修复者：哦不不不，我*不是*要去那里！

Fixer:    T-that place looks too scary, I'm staying here!
修复者：那——那个地方看起来太可怕了，我要留在这里！

Fixer:    I-I'm afraid of deep water, Zan. I'm staying back!
修复者：我——我害怕深水，瓒。我要留在后面！

Fixer:    Uh-uh, I am not going there! No, no, no!
修复者：呃——呃，我不去那里！不不不！

Fixer:    I'm going to stay back and err... guard the entrance!
修复者：我要留在后面，嗯……守着入口！

You have nothing to refuel with this machine.
这台机器没什么可加油的。

High Priest Jaromir:    I see you've found a spare gear. Good, this shall ease your access into the underwater installations.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：我看到你找到了备用齿轮。很好，这将帮助你进入水下设施。

The pedestal is empty.
基座是空的。

Blue Baron:    Here she is, at last. The call is irresistible... so many questions running through her mind.
幽蓝男爵：终于来了，她。那呼唤无法抗拒……她的脑海中充满了无数疑问。

Quite a marvelous place, is it not?... So many secrets lie buried here. Forgotten and forever lost.
真是个奇妙的地方，不是吗？……这里埋藏着如此多的秘密。被遗忘且永远消失。

Will the Halfblood follow the same fate? Will this be her eternal sunken tomb? Minions! Prepare a funeral!
混血人会遭遇同样的命运吗？这会不会成为她的永恒沉船墓穴？仆从们！准备一场葬礼！

Blue Baron:    The Elf speaks true... she is starting to live up to her true potential. And now, her reward...
幽蓝男爵：精灵说的是实话……她开始活出了自己的真正潜力。现在，她的奖赏……

...she will claim the Seed. But will she live long enough to lose it? The core of Hell awaits her. And so do I.
……她将夺取种子。但能否活得足够久以失去它？地狱核心在等待着她。而我也一样。

You'll need a proper tool to mine this ore vein.
你需要一把合适的工具才能开采这条矿脉。

The mechanism clicks and rumbles but the door stays closed.
机制发出咔嗒声并震动，但门依然紧闭。

The power line this door is connected to seems to be down.
这扇门连接的能源线路似乎已断开。

The water is pressuring the door shut.
水流正将门压得更紧。

The power line this door is connected to seems to be down.
这扇门连接的能源线路似乎已断开。

This door requires a Stone key to open.
这扇门需要用石钥匙才能打开。

This door is locked from the inside.
这扇门被内部锁住了。

This door requires a Stone key to open.
这扇门需要用石钥匙才能打开。

(The grime-encrusted common cuneiform letters reveal a worn out message)
（沾满污垢的普通楔形文字揭示出一段磨损的信息）

AIR TANK REFUELING STATION
天空之神燃料补给站

& UNDERWATER GATE CONTROL
及 水下闸门控制系统

(As you browse through the scientific notes, you notice excerpts from Lith's studies in Valc)
（当你浏览科学笔记时，注意到利思在瓦尔克的研究摘录）

Earth Mother:    The Cult must have furthered Lith's research during all this time...
大地之母：邪教可能在这段时间进一步推进了利思的研究……

.oO   JOURNAL OF ZAN THE BONEBREAKER   Oo.
.oO   “碎骨者”瓒的日志   Oo.

> Not much going on, I should find my room and get rest
> 没什么大事，我该去找房间休息了

> A Fixer told me her squad vanished - should investigate
> 一个修复者告诉我她的小队消失了——应该调查一下

> Found the captives, need to free them and report to Breaza
> 找到了俘虏，需要解救他们并报告给布里扎

> Get into the Minotaur Town, find and secure the Hell Powder
> 进入牛头人镇，找到并安全获取地狱火药

> Found more than just Hell Powder - should report to Breaza
> 发现的不只是地狱火药——应该报告给布里扎

> Enter the old Dwarf Town & check if Lith's visions were true
> 进入旧矮人镇，并检查利思的预言是否属实

> Found a weird corruption sample, should report back to Zura
> 找到一个奇怪的腐化样本，应该返回向祖拉汇报

> Sabotage the flame towers protecting the Demon Town gate
> 破坏守护恶魔镇大门的火焰塔

---Side Notes---
---侧注---

> E. Mother Bendi needs a Spirit Gem to charge my Psi Crown
> E.之母本迪需要一颗灵石来充能我的心灵王冠

> Earth Mother Bendi needs a Spirit Gem to charge my Psi Crown
> 大地之母本迪需要一颗灵石来充能我的心灵王冠

> Workshop Boss needs 6 lumps of Dark Iron for gun parts
> 工坊老板需要6块暗铁来制作枪支零件

> Smith Hectus needs 8 lumps of Iron for a Great Axe
> 铁匠赫克图斯需要8块铁矿石打造巨斧

> Smith Hectus is trading ammo for Iron Ore
> 铁匠赫克图斯正在用弹药换取铁矿石

> Shady Fixer sells Dark Vision Goggles for 10 gold
> 阴暗修复者以10金币出售暗视护目镜

> A Shady Fixer sells Dark Vision Goggles for 10 gold
> 一位阴暗修复者以10金币出售暗视护目镜

two Sentries for 100 gold
以100金币出售2个守卫

> A Shady Fixer sells Dark Vision Goggles for 10 gold
> 一位阴暗修复者以10金币出售暗视护目镜

two Sentries for 100 gold
以100金币出售2个守卫

a Bag of Holding for 300 gold
以300金币出售1个储物袋

> A Shady Fixer sells Dark Vision Goggles for 10 gold
> 一位阴暗修复者以10金币出售暗视护目镜

two Sentries for 100 gold
以100金币出售2个守卫

a Bag of Holding for 300 gold
以300金币出售1个储物袋

Vials of Healing for 10 gold
以10金币出售治疗药剂

> A smith could assemble the diving suit if I bring the parts:
> 如果我带来以下零件，铁匠可以组装潜水服：

underwater mask, tank full of air & couple of airtight suits
水下呼吸器、充满空气的气瓶以及几套密封服装

> A smith could assemble the diving suit if I bring the parts:
> 如果我带来以下零件，铁匠可以组装潜水服：

underwater mask, tank full of air & couple of airtight suits
水下呼吸器、充满空气的气瓶以及几套密封服装

