Bear Warrior:    For the Iron Division, sarge! Kick the Baron's ass!
熊战士：为铁军，上尉！踢碎男爵的狗头！

Lancer:    Slay the Baron and avenge our fallen, Zan!
长枪兵：斩杀男爵，为阵亡者复仇，瓒！

Witch:    Bring us the Baron's head, Bonebreaker!
女巫：将男爵的头颅献给我们，碎骨者！

Reaver:    For Valc! Make the Baron pay, Zan!
掠夺者：为了瓦尔克！让男爵付出代价，瓒！

Fixer:    You got this, sarge! Kick the Baron's ass!
修复者：上尉你行的！踢碎男爵的狗头！

Earth Mother:    Return to us victorious, Zan!
大地之母：以胜利归来，瓒！

Loading...
加载中...

A big rock.
一块大石头。

Abhaoth:    ...do you remember anything? You hit your head pretty hard. Again...
阿波豪斯：……你还记得什么吗？你脑袋撞得挺重的。又重了……

Abhaoth:    You're closer than ever now... yes... I can feel your presence drawing near...
阿波豪斯：你现在比以往更接近了……是的……我能感受到你的存在正在靠近……

I'm held prisoner in a dark citadel at the heart of the island...
我被囚禁在岛屿心脏处的黑暗城堡中……

...but your demon blood alone isn't enough to grant you entry... you'll have to taint your heart.
……但仅凭你的恶魔血脉还无法让你进入……你必须玷污自己的心。

Abhaoth:    Now, now... pull yourself together, champion... I'm sure there's a place for you in paradise.
阿波豪斯：现在，现在……振作起来，冠军……我相信天堂一定有你的位置。

But before you ascend into paradise...
但在你升入天堂之前……

...you must descend into Hell.
……你必须深入地狱。

ACT II
ACT II

THE CORE OF HELL ERUPTS
地狱核心爆发了

You don't have anything to fix the bridge with.
你没有任何东西可以修复桥梁。

You'll need a shovel to dig here.
你需要一把铲子才能在这里挖掘。

The mechanism lacks an operation lever.
这个装置缺少操作杆。

Gaun:    Mmmm, another guest. Come in, girl, don't be shy. I'm Gaun, Primarch of Prestige, King of Glory!!
加恩：嗯哼，又来一位客人。进来吧，女孩，别害羞。我是加恩，声望原教，荣耀之王！！

Elzriel:    Hi there Gaun... bloated and full of shit as always, aren't you?
埃尔兹瑞尔：嘿，加恩……你还是老样子，臃肿且满嘴粪便啊？

Gaun:    Silence! That's no way to address the greatest Primarch there is!
加恩：安静！那不是称呼最高原教的方式！

Yes, I am the greatest demon primarch! And you are a great warrior too! Unlike this red fraud here...
是的，我就是最伟大的恶魔原教！而你也是位伟大的战士！不像这个红毛骗子……

Mmmm, I know what you two desire. You wish to kill the Baron, don't you? Which one of you will do it, mmm?
嗯哼，我知道你们两个想要什么。你们想杀死男爵，对吧？哪一个会去做这件事，嗯？

You see these statues, Halfling? Legends of your clan, immortalized in stone! Springs of envy for your eyes.
你看这些雕像，半身人？这是你们族群的传说，被石头永恒铭刻！它们是因你的眼睛而生出嫉妒的源泉。

Show me your desire to be among them... bring me a statue of yourself! Mmmm, made from rare crimson salt!
展示你渴望成为他们的一员……带来一座你的雕像！嗯哼，用稀有赤红盐制成的！

A statue worthy of your pride! That'll prove me you have what it takes to be a true demon, not just a bastard!
一座配得上你骄傲的雕像！这将证明你具备成为真正恶魔的资格，而不仅仅是杂种！

The primarch's avatar remains silent.
原教的化身保持沉默。

Gaun:    Mmm, you have the statue? Put it on the altar so I can see it in its full glory!
加恩：嗯哼，你有雕像吗？把它放在祭坛上，让我以全貌欣赏！

Gaun:    What, you can't find a worthy sculptor to represent you? Then you haven't made a name for yourself!
加恩：什么？你找不到值得信赖的雕塑家来为你塑像？那你还没为自己赢得名声！

Gaun:    If you don't have a statue, you don't have worshippers! Any worthy demon needs worshippers!
加恩：如果你没有雕像，就没有信徒！任何值得尊敬的恶魔都需要信徒！

Gaun:    Look at you... so much potential. You should be the queen of your people, not their servant.
加恩：看看你……潜力如此巨大。你应该成为族人的女王，而不是他们的仆人。

Gaun:    Look at those tattered rags you're wearing. You look like a rabid mutt. A pawn for your clan.
加恩：看看你穿的破烂衣衫。你看起来像个发疯的杂种。是你们族群的棋子。

Gaun:    What will happen after you kill the Baron? Will they welcome you as a warlord? Or discard you?
加恩：杀了男爵之后会发生什么？他们会欢迎你成为战帅吗？还是抛弃你？

Gaun:    What's the point of existing alone? You might as well perish now, if nobody will remember you.
加恩：独自存在有什么意义？如果没人记得你，你现在就该死去。

Gaun:    If you're too slow, the red one might kill the Baron before you! You'll miss your only purpose.
加恩：如果你太慢，红毛家伙可能在你之前杀死男爵！你会错失唯一的意义。

Gaun:    Well? How does it feel to have a statue?... now imagine thousands of people bowing before it.
加恩：嗯？拥有雕像的感觉如何……现在想象成千上万的人向它跪拜。

...I know just where to put it! Well, you've earned my taint! Now go! Show the world your true glory!
……我知道该把雕像放在哪里了！好了，你已赢得我的污染！去吧！向世界展示你的真正荣光！

A primarch offering altar.
原教献祭祭坛。

The cracked wall could be broken down with a proper tool.
这道裂墙可以用合适的工具打破。

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...who dares enter this cursed port?... this is no place for the living...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……谁敢闯入这个诅咒的港口？……这里不是活人该来的地方……

...a brave soul... yes... you can save us... they trapped us inside the chapel... please... help us...
……一个勇敢的灵魂……是的……你能救我们……他们把我们困在教堂里……求你……帮帮我们……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...please... save us... we're imprisoned inside the chapel...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……求你……救救我们……我们被困在教堂里……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...a few of us turned against the Cult... for our sin, the whole port was punished...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……我们中的一些人背叛了邪教……因我们的罪孽，整个港口都遭到了惩罚……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...no food nor ale...it was only a matter of time until we started killing each other...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……没有食物也没有酒……迟早我们会互相残杀……

...some of my brothers may still live... please... take my pendant and find them... in the crypts east of here...
……我的一些兄弟可能还活着……请……拿走我的吊坠，去东边的墓穴找他们……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...the pendant will reveal you their hiding place... search the old crypts, to the east...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……吊坠会指引你找到他们的藏身之处……前往东方的老墓穴搜寻……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...I was the keeper of the flame... the spiritual guide of this community...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……我曾是火焰的守护者……这个社区的精神向导……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...I should have known better... so foolish... ratted out by my own disciples...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……我本该更明白……多么愚蠢……被自己的弟子出卖了……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...something changed... the demons have been tormenting us more and more...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……有些事情变了……恶魔们对我们的折磨越来越频繁……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...demons feed upon our suffering... the sacrifices have become unbearable...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……恶魔以我们的痛苦为食……献祭已经变得难以承受……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...the Cult has been perverted beyond belief... I did not join to be a slave to demons...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……邪教已经被扭曲到极点……我加入他们并非为了成为恶魔的奴隶……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...the Baron is preparing something... his coronation as the Icon of Demons is nigh...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……男爵正在筹备某件事……他作为恶魔图腾的加冕仪式即将来临……

Flame Beacon Ghost:    ...you can still stop the Baron's conquest... find my brothers... they will help you...
火焰灯塔幽灵：……你仍有机会阻止男爵的征服……找到我的兄弟们……他们会帮助你……

Yzbeth's Gardner:    Did mistress Yzbeth's send me one of her hellions? What are you doi-
伊兹贝思的园丁： mistress Yzbeth派来了一名地狱之徒吗？你在做什么——

Impaled Brain:    *Sings and hums*
受刑大脑：*吟唱和哼唱*

You don't have any magic means to enchant the pendant.
你没有任何魔法手段可以施咒吊坠。

The human brain appears to be kept alive by the device.
人类的大脑似乎被装置维持着生命。

Impaled Brain:    My beautiful mushrooms are growing so well! Will mistress Yzbeth like them?
受刑大脑：我的美丽蘑菇长得这么好！伊兹贝思大人会喜欢吗？

Impaled Brain:    I should check on the flowers. Their scent has become so magnificent.
受刑大脑：我应该去查看一下花。它们的香气变得如此美妙。

Impaled Brain:    Mistress Yzbeth loves my flowers. She means the world to me.
受刑大脑：伊兹贝思大人喜欢我的花。她对我来说意义重大。

Impaled Brain:    She loves me more than the other servants. She always gives me her attention.
受刑大脑：她比我其他仆人更爱我。她总是给予我她的关注。

Yzbeth's Gardner:    ...I must bring mistress Yzbeth her flowers.
伊兹贝思的园丁：……我必须把伊兹贝思大人的花送过去。

The gate winch is missing a component.
大门绞盘缺少一个部件。

Reaver:    Incoming!
掠夺者：来了！

Bear Warrior:    To battle! Feed them to the earth!
熊战士：战斗吧！把它们喂给大地！

Witch:    Boom! Hahahahaha!
女巫：轰！哈哈哈！

Bear Warrior:    Who goes there? Come down here and face me, demon! *Coughs*
熊战士：谁在那里？下来这里，恶魔，面对我！*咳嗽*

Bear Warrior:    Bonebreaker! Thank the Earth for sending you! We fucked up... demons got us... you have to...
熊战士：碎骨者！感谢大地派你来！我们搞砸了……恶魔抓住我们了……你必须……

*Coughs* ...go south. Our camp is close... the demons are preparing to assault it... warn our sisters!
*咳嗽* ……向南走。我们的营地就在附近……恶魔们正在准备进攻……警告我们的姐妹们！

...forget about anything else you were doing and go! I can't resist much longer... find a way across the bridge...
……别管你在做什么，立刻出发！我撑不了多久了……找到过桥的方法……

Bear Warrior:    *Coughs* Don't kill me... I can endure the pain... I need to know that our camp is warned!
熊战士：*咳嗽* 别杀我……我能忍受疼痛……我需要确认我们的营地已收到警告！

Bear Warrior:    You're the only one I can trust to deliver the message. I failed our sisters... don't do it too!
熊战士：你是唯一能传递消息的人。我辜负了姐妹们……别再这样做了！

Bear Warrior:    They can attack anytime! Leave everything you're doing and get to the camp! Honor your oaths!
熊战士：他们随时可能进攻！放下一切，立刻赶到营地！履行你的誓言！

Bear Warrior:    We were sent here as lookouts, but our bloodlust took over and we attacked the bridge guards.
熊战士：我们被派来当斥候，但血性控制了我们，攻击了桥上的守卫。

Bear Warrior:    *Coughs* We stormed them and took over the trench... for a while, we held... pushed them back.
熊战士：*咳嗽* 我们突袭了他们并占领了战壕……一段时间内我们坚守住了……将他们击退了。

Bear Warrior:    The bridge suddenly exploded and demons attacked! We couldn't send a runner back anymore.
熊战士：桥突然爆炸了，恶魔们袭击！我们再也无法派信使回去了。

Bear Warrior:    I survived the first counterattack but they will return! Please, carry my message!
熊战士：*咳嗽* 我活过了第一次反击，但他们还会回来！请，传递我的消息！

Bear Warrior:    *Coughs* Our camp is in danger! Find a way around the bridge... run... warn our sisters...
熊战士：*咳嗽* 我们的营地有危险！绕过桥梁找条路……跑吧……警告我们的姐妹们……

Lord Eberon:    Traitorous scum!!! Did that whore Yzbeth send you?! How dare you betray Lord Eberon?!
领主埃伯伦：叛徒渣滓！！！那个妓女伊兹贝思派你来的吗？！竟敢背叛领主埃伯伦？！

Lord Eberon:    Hah! Pathetic idiots!... Unlike you, who sided with me! Good, I have a task for you...
领主埃伯伦：哈！可悲的蠢货……不像你们，谁选择了我！很好，我有个任务给你……

The Baron wants me to crush the orcs, but someone sabotaged the nearby gate, cutting my troops off.
男爵想让我碾碎兽人，但有人破坏了附近的门，切断了我的部队。

The gate needs a special winch wheel to open. Take this key and go find a spare one in the salt mine.
这扇门需要用特殊的绞盘轮来开启。拿这把钥匙去盐矿找备用零件。

You seem tougher than the rabble I sent there before you, so hurry up! The orcs can return anytime!
你看起来比之前派去的杂兵更结实，所以快点！兽人随时可能回来！

Lord Eberon:    Arrgh! Kill all these lowly traitors! Finish them off and I'll reward you handsomely!
领主埃伯伦：啊！杀掉这些卑微的叛徒！干掉他们我重重赏赐！

Lord Eberon:    You got the wheel?! The gate mechanism is by the elevator to the salt mine, hurry up!!!
领主埃伯伦：你拿到轮子了吗？！闸门机关在通往盐矿的升降梯旁，快点！！！

Lord Eberon:    Are you deaf?! I said the mechanism is by the elevator to the salt mine!!! Move it!!!
领主埃伯伦：你聋了吗？！我说机关就在通往盐矿的升降梯旁边！！！快行动！！！

Lord Eberon:    *Squints* I bet it's Yzbeth who sabotaged the gate. Does she think she can outsmart me?!
领主埃伯伦：*眯眼* 我打赌是伊兹贝思破坏了闸门。她以为能骗过我吗？！

Lord Eberon:    Serve me well... I reward my loyal agents handsomely. So move your ass! Open that gate!!!
领主埃伯伦：好好为我效力……我会重赏忠诚的部下。所以快点！打开那扇门！！！

Lord Eberon:    *Squints* You're not one of Yzbeth's hellions, are you? My vision is too clouded to tell...
领主埃伯伦：*眯眼* 你不是伊兹贝思的地狱之徒吧？我的视力太模糊了分不清……

Lord Eberon:    I took some shrapnel to the face while fighting orcs. My healer better arrive here soon!
领主埃伯伦：与兽人战斗时我面部被弹片击中了，治疗者最好尽快赶到这里！

Lord Eberon:    A few orcs attacked from the south earlier, and they were well armed. How'd they get here?
领主埃伯伦：几小时前南方有兽人袭击，他们装备精良。他们是怎么来的？

Lord Eberon:    I thought the rebellion at the mine was quelled! Hrr... I should not talk openly about it.
领主埃伯伦：我以为矿井的叛乱已经平息了！呃……我不该公开谈论这件事。

Lord Eberon:    Cultists have been spreading rumors that the Halfblood is here. Idiots! She died long ago!
领主埃伯伦：邪教徒们散布谣言说混血人在这里。蠢货！她早就死了！

Lord Eberon:    If the Baron wants me to finish up the orcs, so shall it be! Only a fool would defy the Icon!
领主埃伯伦：如果男爵想让我彻底解决兽人，那便如此吧！只有傻瓜才会违抗图腾！

Lord Eberon:    I'd finish the orcs if my reinforcements weren't stuck! Hurry up and fix that stupid winch!
领主埃伯伦：若不是增援部队被困住，我早该结束这场战斗了！快去修好那个愚蠢的绞盘！

Lord Eberon:    I've already sent my cultists after spare parts. Go to the mine and see what's the hold up!
领主埃伯伦：我已经派邪教徒去寻找备用零件了。去矿井看看出了什么问题！

Lord Eberon:    Good, you opened the gate. Now go give my cultists some aid! I want that orc camp eradicated!
领主埃伯伦：很好，你打开了闸门。现在去给我的邪教徒们提供支援！我要彻底摧毁那群兽人营地！

Lord Eberon:    Huh? Primarch Adur asked you to bed a demon? Bitch, I can't even see how ugly you are!
领主埃伯伦：哼？原教阿杜尔让你与恶魔交配？贱人，我连你有多丑都看不下去了！

Lord Eberon:    You do well to serve the Blue Baron. He's the Icon we have awaited for a millenia to come!
领主埃伯伦：你为幽蓝男爵效力倒是不错。他是我们等待千年的图腾！

Lord Eberon:    Soon, the Baron will call for us to unite! We will finally conquer the world for ourselves!
领主埃伯伦：不久后，男爵将号召我们联合！我们将终于为自己征服世界！

Lord Eberon:    We lingered in the shadows long enough! No more politics and puppeteering! Time for blood!
领主埃伯伦：我们在阴影中徘徊太久啦！再没有政治和操控！该流血了！

Lord Eberon:    We'll rise like magma erupting from a volcano! And we'll burn down everything in our wake!
领主埃伯伦：我们会如岩浆从火山喷发般崛起！并摧毁一切挡在我们面前的东西！

Lord Eberon:    We'll collapse the entire Underworld, then we'll slay everything that lives above. Slowly.
领主埃伯伦：我们将彻底坍塌整个地下世界，然后屠杀所有生活在地表的生命。缓慢而彻底。

Lord Eberon:    Imagine the pure dread that awaits us. The promised feast of emotions makes me salivate.
领主埃伯伦：想象那等待我们的纯粹恐惧。承诺的感官盛宴让我垂涎三尺。

You'll need a shovel to dig here.
你需要一把铲子来挖掘这里。

The switch requires a Crystal key to activate.
这个开关需要水晶钥匙才能激活。

Challenging the Baron without a means to sap his power would be unwise.
在没有削弱他力量的方法的情况下挑战男爵是不明智的。

You do not feel prepared to challenge the Baron.
你并不觉得自己准备好挑战男爵了。

The gate rejects your blood.
这扇门拒绝你的血液。

(A parchment lies hidden behind the pillow. It appears to contain a rough map of the south-western coast)
（一张纸隐藏在枕头后面。看起来像是西南海岸的粗略地图）

(A red X mark stands out. You copy it over your own map)
（红色X标记格外显眼。你将其复制到自己的地图上）

(A parchment lies hidden behind the pillow. It appears to contain a rough map of the south-western coast)
（一张纸隐藏在枕头后面。看起来像是西南海岸的粗略地图）

(A red X mark stands out. You already copied it over your own map)
（红色X标记格外显眼。你已经将它复制到自己的地图上了）

The socket has the shape of a chaotic symbol.
这个插槽的形状是一个混乱的符号。

The door won't budge.
这扇门无法打开。

The door is locked from the inside.
这扇门是从内部锁住的。

The gate is locked from the other side.
这道闸门是从另一侧锁住的。

This door requires a Withered Vine key to open.
这扇门需要枯藤钥匙才能开启。

These gates require either a Copper or a Golden key to open.
这些闸门需要用铜钥匙或黄金钥匙才能开启。

This door requires a Copper key to open.
这扇门需要用铜钥匙才能开启。

(The ledger appears to keep track of thousands of cultists offered for sacrifice)
（账本似乎记录了数千名被献祭的邪教徒）

(A waft of intoxicatingly sweet perfume fills your nostrils as you unroll the note)
（当你展开纸条时，一股令人陶醉的甜香涌入鼻腔）

Oh, my dearest gardener! I am in awe at your ingenuity! The blood that fuels your veins, nurturing the flowers like a vile
哦，我最亲爱的园丁！我对你的才智感到惊叹！流淌在你血管中的血液，像一个邪恶的母亲一样滋养花

mother! How poetic! Who would have thought? Out of all the rabble here, you would, of course! You're such a smart man,
朵！多么诗意啊！谁能想到？在这群乌合之众中，偏偏是你，当然会如此！你是如此聪明的人，一个反

a defier of his own cursed destiny, a breaker of bonds! You have certainly overstepped your Cult's bonds... have you not?
抗自己诅咒命运的叛逆者，一个打破束缚的勇者！你显然已经逾越了邪教的束缚……难道不是吗？

But don't let any worry cloud your mind, no. My compassion knows no bounds, especially with all these beautiful flowers
但别让任何担忧扰乱你的思绪，不。我的仁慈没有边界，尤其是这些美丽的

adorning my sanctuary! Their scent will certainly make me forget about all the books that have been disappearing from
花朵装饰着我的圣所！它们的香气一定会让我忘记图书馆里消失的书籍。你

the library.   You are such a trickster, you could almost steal my heart! Use the knowledge to grow more lovely scented
真是个骗子，几乎能偷走我的心！用知识培育更多芬芳的花朵……我就不必

flowers... and I won't be pressed to remove it from your skull and feed it to the worms.   -   Your beloved Matron, Yzbeth
强行从你颅骨中取出并喂给蠕虫了。——你最亲爱的女主人，伊兹贝思

P.S. Oh, and stop using disgusting animals to feed my plants. I have sent you someone with a much fairer blood instead.
附言：哦，还有，别再用肮脏的动物来浇灌我的植物了。我已经派来了一个拥有更纯净血液的人。

TOMB OF THE WINDRIDERS
风行者墓穴

(A set of raw, bloody demonic words form into a verse right before your eyes)
（一组原始、血腥的恶魔文字在你眼前凝聚成诗句）

If you seek to prove your worth
如果你想证明自己的价值

Start counting from south to north
从南向北开始计数

Light the first, the third and fifth
点燃第一、第三和第五个

And the path will be revealed
路径将被揭示

(An old note is tucked in by the sack. As you unroll it, ash dust falls out)
（一张旧纸条被塞在麻袋旁。当你展开它时，灰烬簌簌落下）

You fetch me a good price for that salt, I went through a lot of crap to smuggle it out unnoticed.  Remember, this is
你为那盐卖了个好价钱，我经历了不少麻烦才把它走私出去而未被发现。记住，

the last time I'm doing this, I have a much better deal coming up.   Let's just say it involves a recently constructed
这是我最后一次这么做，我有个更好的交易即将来临。简单说，这涉及一台新近

alchemy machine. Bring me as much oil, mana and blood as you can - I don't care where you get them from. And don't
建造的炼金机器。给我尽可能多的油、魔力和血液——不管从哪里获取都行。别

forget about the arcane salts, I need pink ones.   If this works out, we can start selling might potions for a fortune!
忘了秘盐，我需要粉色的。如果这次成功了，我们就能以高价出售强力药剂！

Blood Rites - Chapter II
血之仪式 第二章

[...]    and for the halfblooded bastards who wish to pursue the call of their stronger side, the answers lie within the
[...] 对于那些渴望追随自身更强一面的混血贱种，答案就藏在原

shrines of the Primarchs. As explained in the previous chapter, there are five Demon Primarchs who govern the taints
教主神殿之中。正如前一章所述，有五位恶魔原教统御混沌之

of chaos, and each and every one of them needs to be appeased with symbolic offerings or, at times, even sacrifices.
污，每一位都需要通过象征性贡品或有时甚至牺牲来安抚。

Gaun is the Primarch of Pride and Prestige. Those who wish to make a name for themselves must prove that they revel
加恩是掌管骄傲与声望的原教主。那些渴望扬名立万之人必须证明自己能在人

in the midst of the masses - for a true Demon despises solitude, and a modest name bears no weight.  An audience with
群中尽情张扬——因为真正的恶魔憎恶孤独，而微不足道的名字毫无分量。

Gaun will most oftenly reflect the halfblood's deepest pride in a request for a lavish object worthy of open display.
与加恩会面时，半血统者往往通过请求展示奢华物品来体现其最深层的傲慢。

Adur is the Primarch of Hearts and Emotions. It is no secret that Demons are unparalleled seducers, always knowing
阿杜尔是掌管心与情感的心之原教。众所周知，恶魔是无与伦比的诱惑者

which strings to pull.    Adur will often ask those who wish to bear her taint to prove that they can employ the same
，总能精准地牵动人心。那些渴望承受她污秽之人需证明自己具备相同的

persuasive abilities.   The halfblood should better be prepared to find a Demon that's willing to teach this art form.
说服力。混血人最好做好准备，寻找一位愿意教授这门技艺的恶魔。

Elzriel is the Primarch of Gold.     Those who obtain an audience with him will quickly learn how to squander their hard
埃尔兹瑞尔是金之原教。获得他接见的人会迅速学会如何挥霍他们辛苦赚来的

earned wealth, for it is an entire wealth that the Primarch usually asks for - unless the halfblood negotiates better.
财富——因为原教通常要求的是整笔财富，除非混血人能谈出更好的条件。

Scorlag is the Primarch of Transformation and Alteration. Those who are lucky enough to obtain an audience will soon
斯科拉格是掌管转化与改变的转化原教。那些幸运获得接见之人将很快

have their patience tested, as Scorlag is known to be hardly coherent, sometimes only being able to contact the half-
面临考验——因为斯科拉格以思维混乱著称，有时只能在半血统者处于

blood while they are in a dream state.   Scorlag will undoubtedly ask for rare, alluring and highly potent substances.
梦境状态时与其接触。他无疑会要求稀有、诱人且效力强大的物质。

Erudin is the Primarch of Subterfuge. Showing the most fearsome trait of a Demon, Erudin will often ask the halfblood
埃鲁丁是诡计原教。她展现出恶魔最可怕的特质：常要求半血统者割裂

to slash their bonds and relinquish any form of loyalty.    She is difficult to appease, but her lessons are worth it.  [...]
羁绊并放弃任何形式的忠诚。她难以安抚，但所授技艺价值非凡。[...]

Bracer of the Revenant - 100g
亡灵护腕 - 100克

Potion of Might - 100g
力量药水 - 100克

Amulet of Shadows - 70g
暗影护符 - 70克

Vial of Healing - 15g
治疗药剂 - 15克

Elemental Ring - 80g
元素戒指 - 80克

Potion of Stoneskin - 35g
石肤药水 - 35克

Scroll of Magma Ball - 10g
熔岩球卷轴 - 10克

Light Armor Amulet - 75g
轻甲护符 - 75克

Bag of Holding - 350g
储物袋 - 350克

Hellclaw - 15g
地狱爪 - 15克

Ammo Box - 20g
弹药箱 - 20克

Spikes - 5g
尖刺 - 5克

Fragfire Can - 15g
碎火罐 - 15克

Box of Acid Potions - 25g
酸药盒 - 25克

Box of Toxic Potions - 35g
毒药盒 - 35克

Boltmag - 25g
弹夹 - 25克

Light Armor Amulet - 75g
轻甲护符 - 75克

Bag of Holding - 350g
储物袋 - 350克

.oO   JOURNAL OF ZAN THE BONEBREAKER   Oo.
.oO   ‘碎骨者’瓒的日志   Oo.

> Stranded. Need to find some food and get my bearings
> 被困。需要寻找食物并确定方位

> To enter the Icon's lair I need taints from 5 primarchs:
> 进入图腾巢穴需要从五位原教主那里获得污渍：

> Gaun -
> 加恩 -

> Adur -
> 阿杜尔 -

> Elzriel -
> 埃尔兹瑞尔 -

> Scorlag -
> 斯科拉格 -

> Erudin -
> 埃鲁丁 -

> To enter the Icon's lair I need taints from 5 primarchs:
> 进入图腾巢穴需要从五位原教主那里获得污渍：

> Gaun - green - wants a crimson salt statue of myself
> 加恩 - 绿色 - 想要一座我的猩红盐雕像

> Adur - purple - wants me to seduce a demonblood
> 阿杜尔 - 紫色 - 想让我诱惑一位恶魔之血

Eraanthe will help me if I find her a sacrificial sword
如果我找到一把献祭用的剑，埃拉安瑟会帮助我

> Elzriel - gold - wants me to offer him 300 gold coins
> 埃尔兹瑞尔 - 金色 - 想让我向他提供300枚金币

> Scorlag - blue - wants elixir of life and elixir of death
> 斯科拉格 - 蓝色 - 想要生命药剂和死神药剂

> Erudin - red - wants me to perform a bloody betrayal
> 埃鲁丁 - 红色 - 想让我实施一场血腥背叛

A wounded Bear asked me to warn our camp of an attack
一只受伤的熊让我警告我们的营地有袭击

Eberon wants me to open the gate by the side of his fort
埃伯伦让我打开他堡垒旁边的门

> Port ghost asked me to find his brothers with his pendant
> 港口幽灵请求我用他的吊坠找到他的兄弟们

> Abedun said I need 3 soul key fragments to sap the Baron
> 阿贝顿说我要获得3块灵魂钥匙碎片才能削弱男爵

> A lancer trapped inside a painting asked me to rescue her
> 一名被困在画中的长枪兵请求我救她

> Time to end this war. The Baron's citadel awaits me.
> 结束这场战争的时候到了。男爵城堡正等待着我。

Minotaur Lord Murguth:    Halfblood! I knew you would come.
牛头人领主穆尔古斯：    混血人！我知道你会来。

Minotaur Lord Murguth:    Oh... I suppose the burden of our situation was too heavy for you.
牛头人领主穆尔古斯：    哦……我想我们的处境太沉重了，你承受不住。

Minotaur Axeman:    You! Do my eyes deceive me?... come on in, Lord Murguth needs to see you.
牛头人斧兵：    你！我的眼睛欺骗我了吗？……进来吧，领主穆尔古斯需要见你。

Bear Warrior:    Bonebreaker! You just keep returning from the dead, eh? Come in, Murguth's looking for ya.
熊战士：    碎骨者！你总是从死里复活，对吧？进来吧，穆尔古斯在找你。

Bear Warrior:    ...nevermind.
熊战士：    ……算了。

Minotaur Lord Murguth:    You have gained more scars since we last met, Halfblood. Welcome back among us.
牛头人领主穆尔古斯：    自从上次见面以来，你的伤疤又多了不少，混血人。欢迎回来与我们同在。

It is difficult to measure time here, but we must have arrived at the Core of Hell a few days after you did.
在这里测量时间很困难，但我们可以确定，我们抵达地狱核心的时间比你晚了几天。

The Baron's citadel lies close, northwards. His minions are ready to defend it, but that's not our only obstacle.
男爵城堡位于北方不远处。他的爪牙已准备就绪，但这并非唯一的障碍。

Vile energies harvested from thousands of sacrifices shroud the Icon's throne, boiling up the blood of intruders.
从数千次献祭中汲取的邪恶能量笼罩着图腾王座，沸腾着入侵者的血液。

As you may know, only a demonblood can hope to reach the citadel unscathed... I can see a spark in your eyes.
正如你所知，唯有恶魔之血才能希望无损抵达城堡……我能从你眼中看到一丝火花。

Temper that rage for now. Your demon blood will only get you halfway there, as I have learned from this book.
暂时压抑这怒火吧。你的恶魔血脉只能带你走到一半，这是我从这本书中学到的。

The texts say that a halfblood must bear each of the five demonic taints to be allowed passage to the citadel.
文本记载，混血人必须承受五种恶魔污染才能获得进入城堡的许可。

Your heart must be emburdened with sin - and for that, you shall journey to the shrines of the Demon Primarchs.
你的心中必须背负罪孽——为此，你需要前往恶魔原教主的神殿。

Gaun, Adur, Elzriel, Scorlag and Erudin. They are the five primarchs whom you must appease. But heed my word:
加恩、阿杜尔、埃尔兹瑞尔、斯科拉格和埃鲁丁。他们是你必须安抚的五位原教主。但听我的忠告：

They are weavers of chaos and sin, and will undoubtedly try to corrupt you. Use your wits to gain their favor.
他们是混乱与罪孽的编织者，势必会试图腐蚀你。用智慧赢得他们的青睐。

And make haste. The Queen of Wrath is already ahead of you, but we can't put the same trust in her as in you.
快点行动吧。愤怒女王已经领先于你，但我们无法像信任你一样信任她。

If we don't slay the Baron here, the hordes of chaos will conquer the world. So go! Fire burn in your heart!
如果我们不在此处斩杀男爵，混沌军团将征服世界。去吧！让火焰在你心中燃烧！

Press Use to skip briefing
按使用键跳过简报

Minotaur Lord Murguth:    You can't reach the Baron without the five primarch taints. This book will tell you more...
牛头人领主穆尔古斯：    你若没有五位原教主的污染，便无法抵达男爵身边。这本书会告诉你更多……

Captain Dura:    I was wondering when you'd show up... wait, what? Our lookouts got into trouble?
队长杜拉：    我正纳闷你何时才会出现……等等，什么？我们的哨兵陷入麻烦了？

Damn it! Alright, I'll send a squad up there to clean up the mess. As for you, come in, Grund wants to see you.
该死！好吧，我会派一队人上去清理残局。至于你，进来吧，格伦德想见你。

Captain Dura:    You're late, sergeant... and what the fuck happened to the lookout squad? Ugh, Earth's mercy...
队长杜拉：    你来晚了，中士……那哨兵小队到底发生了什么？他妈的，地球的怜悯啊……

Move your ass inside! Grund wants to have a word with you...
快点进去！格伦德想和你谈谈……

Captain Dura:    I was wondering when you'd show up... come inside, Grund wants to have a word with you...
队长杜拉：    我正纳闷你何时才会出现……进来吧，格伦德想和你谈谈……

Warlord Grund:    So, you're alive. Maybe next time you decide to leave us behind, you won't be as lucky.
男巫格伦德：    所以，你还活着。也许下次你决定甩下我们时，就不会这么幸运了。

So unless you want to end up like Tiati in that cage over there, you better listen to me very carefully...
除非你想像提娅媞那样被困在那边的笼子里，否则最好仔细听我说……

We're in the belly of the beast right now. A savage, fiery and unforgiving beast. We can barely hold up.
我们现在正处在敌人的心脏地带。一个野蛮、炽热且无情的巨兽。我们几乎撑不住了。

We could've brought more supplies or troops, but we had one less boat thanks to you. As for Tiati's fuck up...
本可以多带些补给或部队，但因为你的缘故少了一艘船。至于提娅媞的失误……

Grrh... so. Murguth has told you about the demon primarchs. I personally don't put any trust in demon tales...
格...所以穆尔古斯已经告诉你关于恶魔原教的事了。我个人对恶魔的故事完全不信任……

...but I'll give you a chance to gain their blessings or taints or whatever, if it helps you kill the Baron.
...但我会给你一个机会获得他们的祝福、污染或任何东西，只要能帮你杀死男爵。

One day. That's the time you've got to prepare. Once I call for the final assault, you better be right here.
一天时间。这就是你准备的时间。一旦我发起最后进攻，你最好立刻出现在这里。

I'm not relying on the Queen of Wrath. You will be the one leading the charge. Am I clear? Good. Dismissed.
我不依赖愤怒女王。你会是冲锋的主力。明白了吗？很好。退下吧。

Captain Dura:    You're late to the bloodbath! What the fuck happened to our lookouts? What a fucking mess...
队长杜拉：    你来晚了！血战已经开始！那哨兵小队到底怎么了？这他妈一团糟……

Press Use to skip briefing
按使用键跳过简报

Warlord Grund:    Whether you appease the primarchs or not, you have one day. Then, we're going for the kill.
男巫格伦德：    无论你是否安抚原教主，你只有一天时间。然后，我们就要发起致命一击。

Reaver:    Zan! I was sent after you. Something big is going on. Come with me, Grund will brief us.
掠夺者：    瓒！我奉命追捕你。有大事发生。跟我来，格伦德会向我们说明情况。

And keep your head down. The forest is crawling with demons...
并保持低调。森林里到处都是恶魔……

Reaver:    Zan! I was sent after you. Something big is going on. Come with me, Grund will brief us.
掠夺者：    瓒！我奉命追捕你。有大事发生。跟我来，格伦德会向我们说明情况。

Reaver:    Damn it, Zan, don't die on me!!!
掠夺者：    该死，瓒，别在我面前死了！！！

Warlord Grund:    Time's up early, sergeant. The demons are making a major move. We must act now.
男巫格伦德：    中士，时间不等人了。恶魔们正在发动大规模进攻。我们必须立刻行动。

You're moving in! I hope appeasing the primarchs was worth stealing my elixir and poisoning my warg...
你们上来了！我希望安抚原教主值得偷走我的药剂并毒害我的狼灵……

You're moving in! I hope appeasing the primarchs was worth disregarding and stealing from a superior...
你们上来了！我希望安抚原教主值得无视并从上级身上偷取……

Advisor:    Scouts have reported a large number of demons marching out of the Baron's citadel...
顾问：    探子报告说，大量恶魔正从男爵城堡中 march 出来……

Warlord Grund:    And fire blazing from the spires. Tiati's freaking out... they're preparing something.
男巫格伦德：    并且塔尖燃起烈焰。提娅媞惊慌失措……他们正在准备什么。

Enough wasting time! This is it, sergeant. The time to fulfil your destiny! The fight of your life!
别浪费时间了！中士，这就是你实现命运的时刻！你一生中最重要的一战！

Lead our troops and push the demons back! Then cross through that portal and finish the Baron off!
带领我们的军团击退恶魔！然后穿过那个传送门，彻底解决男爵！

For our fallen sisters! For Valc! Fight with honor! Fight with pride! Fight for the Iron Division!
为了我们阵亡的姐妹们！为了瓦尔克！以荣誉战斗！以骄傲战斗！为铁军而战！

Reaver:    We won't fail you, sisters! Come on, Zan, I'll take you to our squad. Lead us to victory!
掠夺者：    我们不会辜负你，姐妹们！来吧，瓒，我会带你去我们的小队。带领我们取得胜利！

Warlord Grund:    Use the forest to your advantage, we'll keep the other routes secure. Earth protect you!
男巫格伦德：    利用森林地形，我们会守住其他路线。大地庇佑你们！

Lancer:    We've been eagerly awaiting you, Zan. I recovered enough to fight beside my sisters once more!
长枪兵：    我们一直在等待你，瓒。我已经恢复得足以再次与姐妹们并肩作战了！

I have something for you... while trapped in the painting, my crystals have gathered an excess of energy...
我有东西给你……在画中被困期间，我的水晶聚集了过量的能量……

I funneled it into this armor amulet. Take it, along with my gratitude. Now let's go! The battle awaits!
我把能量注入这枚护符装甲中。拿去吧，还有我的感激之情。现在出发吧！战斗正在等我们！

Witch:    The demons are cowering inside the forest now. Whenever you're ready, Zan. Let us dive into battle!
女巫：    恶魔们此刻正蜷缩在森林中。瓒，随时准备，让我们投入战斗！

Press Use to skip briefing
按使用键跳过简报

Lancer:    We've been eagerly awaiting you, Zan. I recovered enough to fight along my sisters once more!
长枪兵：    我们一直在等待你，瓒。我已经恢复得足以再次与姐妹们并肩作战了！

I have something for you... while trapped in the painting, my crystals have gathered an excess of energy...
我有东西给你……在画中被困期间，我的水晶聚集了过量的能量……

...I funneled it into this armor amulet. Take it, along with my gratitude. Now let's go! The battle awaits!
我把能量注入这枚护符装甲中。拿去吧，还有我的感激之情。现在出发吧！战斗正在等我们！

Witch:    The demons are cowering inside the forest now. Whenever you're ready, Zan. Let us dive into battle!
女巫：    恶魔们此刻正蜷缩在森林中。瓒，随时准备，让我们投入战斗！

Shady Fixer:    A birdie told me there's something Grund has that you need. I might be able to help.
阴暗修复者：    有只鸟告诉我，格伦德那里有你需要的东西。我或许能帮上忙。

Shady Fixer:    Hey, do you have any need for that crimson salt? I could buy some off of you...
阴暗修复者：    嘿，你是否需要那种赤红盐？我可以从你这儿买一些……

Shady Fixer:    So, are you looking to spend that gold? The prices are on the tablet here.
阴暗修复者：所以，你想花掉这些金币吗？价格都在这里的小板上。

Shady Fixer:    C'mon, don't be stingy... you never know when Grund decides to confiscate all this stuff.
阴暗修复者：别小气啊……你永远不知道格伦德什么时候会没收这些东西。

Shady Fixer:    If you wanna fight the Baron, you better gear up now. Having gold won't help you if you're dead.
阴暗修复者：如果你想打男爵的主意，现在就得装备起来。光有钱也救不了你命。

Shady Fixer:    That'll come in handy.
阴暗修复者：这会派上大用场。

Shady Fixer:    A good choice.
阴暗修复者：是个好选择。

Shady Fixer:    With this stuff, you'll be a killing machine.
阴暗修复者：有了这些装备，你会成为一台杀戮机器。

Shady Fixer:    Gold well spent.
阴暗修复者：金币花得值。

Shady Fixer:    An armed orc is a happy orc.
阴暗修复者：武装的兽人就是快乐的兽人。

Shady Fixer:    Here you go.
阴暗修复者：给你。

Shady Fixer:    It'll serve you well.
阴暗修复者：这会让你受益匪浅。

Shady Fixer:    I get the chings, you get the kills.
阴暗修复者：我拿钱，你拿命。

Shady Fixer:    There you go, have fun.
阴暗修复者：给你，玩得开心点。

Shady Fixer:    Money well spent.
阴暗修复者：金币花得值。

(You buy a Hellclaw for 15 gold)
（你用15枚金币购买了地狱爪）

(You buy a Bracer of the Revenant for 100 gold)
（你用100枚金币购买了亡灵护腕）

Shady Fixer:    Sorry, babe. No gold, no dice.
阴暗修复者：抱歉，宝贝。没有金币，就没戏。

(You buy an Ammo Box for 20 gold)
（你用20枚金币购买了弹药箱）

(You buy a Potion of Might for 100 gold)
（你用100枚金币购买了力量药水）

Shady Fixer:    If you can't afford to buy it, I can't afford to sell it.
阴暗修复者：如果你买不起，我也卖不出去。

(You buy several Spikes for 5 gold)
（你用5枚金币购买了几根尖刺）

(You buy an Amulet of Shadows for 70 gold)
（你用70枚金币购买了暗影护符）

Shady Fixer:    I know you want it, but I can't just give it for free.
阴暗修复者：我知道你想买，但不能白送。

(You buy a Fragfire Can for 15 gold)
（你用15枚金币购买了碎火罐）

(You buy a Vial of Healing for 15 gold)
（你用15枚金币购买了治疗药剂）

Shady Fixer:    Nothing's free in this world, babe. It's just how it works.
阴暗修复者：这个世界没有免费的东西，宝贝。这就是规则。

(You buy a Box of Acid Potions for 25 gold)
（你用25枚金币购买了酸药盒）

(You buy an Elemental Ring for 80 gold)
（你用80枚金币购买了元素戒指）

Shady Fixer:    Nothing's free in this world, babe. It's just how it works.
阴暗修复者：这个世界没有免费的东西，宝贝。这就是规则。

(You buy a Box of Toxic Potions for 35 gold)
（你用35枚金币购买了毒药盒）

(You buy a Scroll of Magma Ball for 10 gold)
（你用10枚金币购买了熔岩球卷轴）

Shady Fixer:    Nuh-uh. You need gold to buy from this shop.
阴暗修复者：不不不。你需要金币才能从这家店买东西。

(You buy a Boltmag for 25 gold)
（你用25枚金币购买了弹夹）

(You buy a Potion of Stoneskin for 35 gold)
（你用35枚金币购买了石肤药水）

Shady Fixer:    Sorry babe, looks like you can't afford it.
阴暗修复者：抱歉，宝贝，看来你买不起。

(You buy a Light Armor Amulet for 75 gold)
（你用75枚金币购买了轻甲护符）

Shady Fixer:    The prices are on the tablet, babe. You know how to count, right?
阴暗修复者：价格都在小板上，宝贝。你会数数吧？

Shady Fixer:    Now that's an artifact worth having. I even packed it with a little ammo, just for you, babe.
阴暗修复者：这可是值得拥有的神器。我甚至装了一点弹药，专门为你准备的，宝贝。

(You buy a Bag of Holding for 350 gold)
（你用350枚金币购买了储物袋）

Shady Fixer:    Sorry babe, I won't lower the bag's price. You know well it's worth every coin.
阴暗修复者：抱歉，宝贝，我不打算降低袋子的价格。你清楚它每枚硬币都值这个。

Bear Warrior:    Hey, you can't just confiscate our gold like that!
熊战士：嘿，你不能就这样没收我们的金币！

Reaver:    Yes she can, dumbass! Errm... are we all good, sarge? No need for Grund to know about this, right?
掠夺者：是啊，她可以，笨蛋！呃……我们大家都没事吧，上尉？不需要让格伦德知道这件事，对吧？

You don't have any proper food to mix the substance with.
你没有合适的食材来混合这种物质。

Warg:    *Sniffs the bowl*
狼灵：*嗅了嗅碗*

Warg:    *Growls menacingly*
狼灵：*发出威胁性的低吼*

Minotaur Axeman:    I hear the warg isn't pleased with your presence. You should get Grund's permission to go there.
牛头人斧兵：我听说狼灵对你在场感到不满。你应该先获得格伦德的许可才能去那里。

You don't have any substance to spike the liver with.
你没有能用来刺激肝脏的物质。

(You pet the warg)
（你抚摸了狼灵）

E. M. Bendi:    That's very kind of you, Zan. It may not be much, but everything counts!
E.M.本迪：瓒，这非常友善。虽然不多，但每一点都算数！

E. M. Bendi:    That's very kind of you, Zan. A small splash of mana is fairer than a big one from a cursed chalice!
E.M.本迪：瓒，这非常友善。一滴魔力比从诅咒酒杯中倒出的大杯魔力更公平！

The barrel has a few drops of mana at the bottom.
桶底有一些魔力的痕迹。

Fixer:    Uhh... the demons are attacking! Looks like a lot are coming in!
修复者：呃……恶魔正在进攻！看起来有很多敌人正涌来！

Bear Warrior:    Stand your ground! The Bonebreaker is with us! For the Iron Division!
熊战士：站稳阵脚！碎骨者与我们同在！为了铁军！

Min. Lord Murguth:    The beast is cornered and bleeding. Are you prepared to deal the killing blow, warrior?
领主穆尔古斯：野兽已被逼入绝境并流血。战士，你准备给予致命一击了吗？

Min. Lord Murguth:    If the primarchs have failed to sway you, so will the Baron. You are ready to face him.
领主穆尔古斯：如果原教主未能动摇你的心志，男爵也会如此。你已准备好直面他了。

Min. Lord Murguth:    You butchered the armies of chaos, leaving a blazing path behind. You are worthy!
领主穆尔古斯：你屠杀了混沌军团，留下一条燃烧的血路。你值得这份荣耀！

Min. Lord Murguth:    Why do you delay the inevitable? Strike now, while your flame burns the brightest!
领主穆尔古斯：为何拖延不可避免的命运？现在就行动吧，趁你的火焰最为炽烈！

Min. Lord Murguth:    You gained all of the five demonic taints. Only a strong heart can bear such wicked weight.
领主穆尔古斯：你已获得五种恶魔污染。唯有坚强的心脏才能承受这般邪恶之重。

Min. Lord Murguth:    Warlord Grund has a map of the primarch shrines, but her camp has been cut off from us.
领主穆尔古斯：男巫格伦德掌握着原教神殿的地图，但她的营地已被我们切断联系。

Min. Lord Murguth:    How goes your quest, warrior? Have the primarchs been reasonable with their demands?
领主穆尔古斯：你的征途进展如何，战士？原教主们是否已满足了他们的要求？

Min. Lord Murguth:    Your heart may be ready, but what about your steel? The Baron still has formidable power.
领主穆尔古斯：你的心或许已准备好，但你的钢铁意志呢？男爵仍拥有强大的力量。

Min. Lord Murguth:    A foul earthquake has collapsed the tunnel which connects our camps, isolating us.
领主穆尔古斯：一场剧烈的地震摧毁了连接我们营地的隧道，将我们与外界隔绝。

Min. Lord Murguth:    Some of us could hear whispers coming from the citadel. The Baron calls for our blood.
领主穆尔古斯：有些人听到了来自城堡的低语。男爵在召唤我们的鲜血。

Min. Lord Murguth:    This island lies at the very heart of Hell. A place worthy of being home to the demons.
领主穆尔古斯：这座岛屿位于地狱的核心地带。一个值得恶魔栖息的地方。

Min. Lord Murguth:    The sea of fire fills the deepest layer of the Underworld. The lowest we have ever been.
领主穆尔古斯：火海填满了地下世界的最深层。我们曾到达过的最低点。

Min. Lord Murguth:    When we crossed that hellish bridge, we left the world we knew behind. Perhaps forever.
领主穆尔古斯：当我们跨过那座地狱般的桥梁时，便已将熟悉的世界抛在身后。或许永远无法再回去。

Min. Lord Murguth:    Demons thrive in this fiery archipelago. The heat is challenging even for a pyromancer.
领主穆尔古斯：恶魔在这片炽热的群岛中繁衍生息。就连火法师也难以承受这股高温。

Min. Lord Murguth:    No army can invade this place. We should have known this when we first set off to war.
领主穆尔古斯：没有任何军队能入侵此地。我们当初出征时就该明白这一点。

Min. Lord Murguth:    I read tales of ancient human-built temples here. Reminders of the Elemental Gods' power.
领主穆尔古斯：我读到过关于这里古代人类建造的神庙的故事。那是元素之神力量的见证。

Shady Fixer:    Here. Mix it with hog liver, Grund's warg loves it. And remember - you didn't get this from me.
阴暗修复者：给你。混入猪肝，格伦德的灵狼最喜欢这个。记住——这可不是从我这儿白拿的。

Shady Fixer:    You need poison to brew something more complicated? Alright, as long as it helps us get out of this hole...
阴暗修复者：你需要毒药来酿造更复杂的配方？好吧，只要能帮我们逃出这个洞穴……

Shady Fixer:    That's a big 'ol rock of salt. Here's fifty for it.
阴暗修复者：这是块大盐岩。五十枚金币换它。

Shady Fixer:    I'll only give you fourty for this one. Take it or leave it.
阴暗修复者：这次只给你四十枚。要还是不要？

Shady Fixer:    Don't wanna poison the mutt? Unless you have another way to put it to sleep, poison's all I have.
阴暗修复者：不想毒死那条狗？除非你有别的办法让它睡着，否则毒药就是我唯一能提供的了。

Shady Fixer:    Found what you were looking for? You owe me. And remember, I haven't offered you any poison. Or advice.
阴暗修复者：找到你要的东西了吗？你欠我的。记住，我没提供毒药——也没给任何建议。

Shady Fixer:    I can't believe how much gold we left behind in that primarch's vault. It's haunting my dreams.
阴暗修复者：我们遗落在那个原教地窖里的黄金实在太多了，简直让我夜不能寐。

Shady Fixer:    I've been hard at work... recovering the supplies lost by our sisters during the first campaign.
阴暗修复者：我一直在努力……回收我们在第一次战役中失去的物资。

Shady Fixer:    Demons are too dumb to invent stuff. That's why they're so eager to get their claws on our gear.
阴暗修复者：恶魔太愚笨了，无法发明东西。这也是为什么他们如此渴望得到我们的装备。

Shady Fixer:    Making a lil' profit won't hurt anyone. This gear no longer figures on any inventory list, anyway.
阴暗修复者：赚点小钱又不会伤及任何人。反正这些装备已经不在任何物资清单上了。

Shady Fixer:    Cultists are so oblivious to their belongings... I feel like I'm stealing from children.
阴暗修复者：邪教徒对他们的财物如此漠视……我感觉自己像是在偷孩子们的东西。

Shady Fixer:    Sneaking into Yzbeth's palace wasn't hard. Convincing the primarch to show me his vault was...
阴暗修复者：潜入伊兹贝思的宫殿并不困难。说服原教展示他的地窖……

Witch Brewer:    Hey... those bags you're carrying... are they arcane salts?
女巫酿造师：嘿……那些你背的袋子……难道是魔力盐吗？

Witch Brewer:    Oh, hey, it's little miss dipshit. I'll move these fragile potions out of the way if you don't mind.
女巫酿造师：哦，嘿，小傻瓜。如果你不介意的话，我先把这些易碎的药水挪开。

Witch Brewer:    Ugh, you again. Lucky me there isn't much left for you to break.
女巫酿造师：啧，又是你。幸好剩下不多能让你打碎的东西了。

Witch Brewer:    Still alive? There's a few healing pots left if you need, but don't expect any more to come.
女巫酿造师：你还活着？如果需要的话还有一些治疗药剂，但别指望还能再拿到更多了。

Witch Brewer:    ...oh... for me?...
女巫酿造师：……哦……给我？……

Witch Brewer:    ...fine... I guess I'll accept your apology. These salts will ease my work a bit.
女巫酿造师：……好吧……我想我接受你的道歉了。这些盐会让我工作轻松一些。

Here's some ammo for the Pox in return. Just watch where you're shooting it.
这是些瘟疫弹药作为回报。只是注意你射击的方向。

Here's a Potion of Haste... I would've brewed something better if my gear hadn't been shattered.
这是瓶迅捷药水……如果我的装备没被砸碎，我本可以酿制更好的东西。

Witch Brewer:    ...uhh... well. Apologies accepted. These salts will make my work a lot easier...
女巫酿造师：……呃……好吧。道歉已接受。这些盐会让我的工作轻松很多……

Here something in return, I had this spare Pox ammo laying around. You might want it.
这里还有点东西作为回报，我之前留着一些瘟疫弹药。你可能需要它。

Here's a Potion of Stoneskin... it's not much, but I had to use the spare reagents to cover up for the mana.
这是瓶石肤药水……虽然不多，但为了弥补魔力不足，我只能用备用材料来凑合。

Witch Brewer:    ...hey, thanks a bunch! These salts will help my brews catalyze much faster.
女巫酿造师：……嘿，多谢啦！这些盐会让我的酿造过程催化得更快。

Here's a little something in return, I had this spare Pox ammo laying around. Give 'em hell! Heh.
这里还有点小礼物，我之前留着一些瘟疫弹药。让他们尝尝地狱滋味！呵呵。

Here's a Potion of Might... this'll turn you into a fearsome killing machine!
这是瓶力量药水……这会让你变成可怕的杀戮机器！

Witch Brewer:    Quit buggering me! Can't you see how busy I am?
女巫酿造师：别烦我！你没看到我在忙吗？

Witch Brewer:    Can't you see I'm busy? Let me be...
女巫酿造师：你没看到我在忙吗？让我安静一会儿……

Witch Brewer:    Found a yeast bag? Uhh, I don't really need it, but I'm sure Ingrim could put it to good use.
女巫酿造师：找到酵母袋了？呃，其实我不太需要它，但因格利姆说不定能用得上。

Witch Brewer:    Off to face the Baron all by yourself? I'm suddenly not so mad I have to stay here and stir.
女巫酿造师：一个人去面对男爵？我突然就不那么生气了，不用在这里搅拌了。

Witch Brewer:    So tired... I don't know for how long I've been awake since we can't even measure time here.
女巫酿造师：好累……我们连时间都无法测量，不知道已经清醒了多久。

Witch Brewer:    My arms are stiff from all the stirring... at least now I can beat the Bears at armwrestling.
女巫酿造师：手臂都僵硬了，全是搅拌的功劳……至少现在能赢熊族掰手腕了。

Witch Brewer:    So... hot... we'll start turning into raisins when the water runs out. Unless demons kill us first.
女巫酿造师：这么……热……水用完时我们会变成葡萄干。除非恶魔先杀了我们。

Witch Brewer:    Of course Zura didn't want to board the ship... she always has a reason to hang behind.
女巫酿造师：当然祖拉不想上船……她总是有理由躲在后面。

Witch Brewer:    I could've stayed in the port and help my chieftain collect demon guns for research, but noo...
女巫酿造师：我本可以在港口帮酋长收集恶魔火枪做研究，但算了……

Witch Brewer:    If we win this war, I better get my own alchemy shop in Valc. And an apprentice to torment.
女巫酿造师：如果打赢这场战争，我一定要在瓦尔克开间自己的炼金铺子，还要个徒弟来折磨。

Witch:    Yeah! Eat acid you freaks!
女巫：Yeah！吃酸吧你们这些怪胎！

Witch:    Cultists are so pathetic! They can't match our weapons so they resort to surprise attacks.
女巫：邪教徒太 pathetic 了！他们武器打不过我们，就只能偷袭。

Witch:    Still holding up, Halfblood? If you need healing, there should be a few spare potions around.
女巫：混血人，还能撑住吗？如果你需要治疗，应该还有一些备用药剂。

Witch:    That cannon behind us looks quaint... you're a siege engineer, aren't you? Can you use it?
女巫：我们身后的那门大炮看起来有点老式……你是攻城师吧？能用它吗？

Witch:    I've seen some crazy guns back in the port. Demons may be slow, but they adapt to war quickly.
女巫：我在港口见过一些奇怪的武器。虽然恶魔行动缓慢，但它们能迅速适应战争。

Witch:    I saw a demon shooting a Pox! He'd load potions from the end of the barrel and... boom! What an idiot!
女巫：我看到一个恶魔在发射瘟疫弹药！他会从炮管末端装填药剂……轰！真是个蠢货！

Witch:    We never thought we'd find our own supplies among the demons. They are quite the hoarders.
女巫：我们从未想过会在恶魔中找到自己的补给。它们还真是囤积狂。

Bear Warrior:    For the Iron Division!
熊战士：为了铁军！

Bear Warrior:    The cultists are getting desperate! All they can do is throw meat in the grinder.
熊战士：邪教徒已经绝望了！他们只能把肉块扔进磨盘。

Bear Warrior:    You're earning your scars very quickly, Bonebreaker. Share some tales with us!
熊战士：碎骨者，你很快就该获得伤疤了。给我们讲讲你的故事吧！

Bear Warrior:    I'm ready to stomp some cultist scum! Try not to kill them all by yourself, eh?
熊战士：我准备踩碎这些邪教徒渣滓！别一个人全灭他们，知道吗？

Bear Warrior:    I can't believe we got so far. No army has ever dreamed of reaching the Core of Hell.
熊战士：我们居然能走到这里，简直难以置信。没有军队曾幻想过抵达地狱核心。

Bear Warrior:    We truly are the strongest clan of orcs! We put all of the wild orc tribes to shame!
熊战士：我们真是兽人中最强大的族群！连所有野蛮兽人部落都比不上我们！

Bear Warrior:    Imagine what glory awaits us once we slay the Baron! The bards will praise our name!
熊战士：想象一下，一旦我们斩杀男爵，会获得怎样的荣耀！吟游诗人必将传颂我们的名字！

Reaver:    Mow them down!
掠夺者：碾碎他们！

Reaver:    If we keep getting attacked like this, we'll be dead before we reach the Baron's citadel.
掠夺者：如果一直这样被攻击，我们会在抵达男爵城堡前就死光。

Reaver:    Taking a break? I feel you. Just don't get caught off guard by Grund, she's on the edge.
掠夺者：休息一下？我懂你的感受。但别被格伦德偷袭，她已经逼近边缘了。

Reaver:    I hope the Earth Mothers' protective ward reaches this far... demons might jump us anytime.
掠夺者：希望大地之母的防护屏障能覆盖到这里……恶魔随时可能突袭我们。

Reaver:    Is it true that Tiati got possessed by Nithriel? Grund wouldn't let us get near her cage.
掠夺者：提娅媞真的被妮丝瑞尔附身了吗？格伦德连靠近她的笼子都不让。

Reaver:    It's crazy how these mind magic freaks can just work you like a puppet. Poor Tiati...
掠夺者：这些心灵恶魔真是疯狂……他们能像提线木偶一样操控你。可怜的提娅媞……

Reaver:    We killed a Psi Demon back in the port... or so I thought. When I checked the body, I heard whispers.
掠夺者：我们在港口杀了一个心灵恶魔……或者我这么以为。当我检查尸体时，听到有低语声。

Bear Warrior:    *Growls*
熊战士：*低吼*

Bear Warrior:    Wretched cultists! They're coming out of the white ashes, I'm telling you!
熊战士：可恶的邪教徒！他们从白灰中爬出来，我告诉你！

Bear Warrior:    Enjoying Hell, sarge? This place is a plague on the bottom of the Underworld.
熊战士：上尉，你享受地狱吗？这里简直是地下世界的瘟疫。

Bear Warrior:    Keep an eye on those piles of white ash! Don't breathe in too hard around 'em.
熊战士：留意那些白灰堆！别太靠近它们呼吸。

Bear Warrior:    My throat is dry already. How do the cultist bastards survive without water here?
熊战士：我的喉咙已经干了。这些邪教徒杂种怎么能在没有水的地方生存？

Bear Warrior:    I thought Hell was only a myth... looks like it's real. And just as bad as I imagined.
熊战士：我以为地狱只是传说……看来是真的。而且比我想像中还要糟糕。

Bear Warrior:    I can bear the fire and brimstone... but those white ashes... I swear they are cursed!
熊战士：我能忍受火焰和硫磺……但那些白灰……我发誓它们是被诅咒的！

Captain Dura:    Why haven't you crossed that portal yet? You can do this, warrior. Don't hesitate.
队长杜拉：你还没穿过那个传送门？战士，你能做到的。别犹豫。

Captain Dura:    Our scouts have failed us... this is what happens when we fail to obey orders.
队长杜拉：我们的侦察兵失败了……这就是我们不服从命令的后果。

Captain Dura:    You're lucky to be the only reliable halfblood around. You really pissed Grund off.
队长杜拉：你幸运地成为唯一可靠的混血人。你真的把格伦德惹恼了。

Captain Dura:    I see more and more of us are giving in to bloodlust and overstepping our orders.
队长杜拉：我看到越来越多的人屈服于血腥欲望，逾越了命令的界限。

Captain Dura:    We are the strongest warriors of the Underworld. That's might, wit and discipline.
队长杜拉：我们是地下世界最强壮的战士。那是力量、智慧和纪律的结合。

Captain Dura:    I wonder where Eraanthe is now. I doubt she'd be willing to team up with you, though.
队长杜拉：我想知道埃拉安瑟现在在哪里。我不认为她愿意与你并肩作战。

Captain Dura:    I know it was the Queen of Wrath who piloted the boat, but you should've waited for us.
队长杜拉：我知道是愤怒女王驾驶的那艘船，但你本该等我们。

Captain Dura:    The Gods must favor you and Tiati if they save you from certain death even down here.
队长杜拉：诸神一定偏爱你和提娅媞……连在这里都能救你一命。

Captain Dura:    We crammed everyone on a trading ship and sailed off here. We're few, but we're angry.
队长杜拉：我们将所有人塞进一艘贸易船上，驶向这里。我们人数虽少，但怒火滔天。

Captain Dura:    The future of our world is decided here. I expect you to be at your absolute best now.
队长杜拉：我们世界的未来就决定于此。我期待你能发挥出绝对的实力。

Bear Warrior:    Thank you, Halfblood. Here... take these boltmags, I won't be needing them anymore.
熊战士：谢谢，混血人。来……拿这些弹夹，我不再需要它们了。

Bear Warrior:    Thank you, Halfblood. Here... take this amulet... it belonged to my dead squad mate...
熊战士：谢谢，混血人。来……拿这枚护身符……它曾属于我的阵亡战友……

Bear Warrior:    I may have survived, but my honor hasn't. Grund will have me whipped after I recover.
熊战士：我或许活了下来，但荣誉却已不复存在。格伦德会在我不知情的情况下鞭打我。

Bear Warrior:    If you hadn't found me, the demons could have assaulted our camp without any warning!
熊战士：若不是你找到我，恶魔们可能会毫无预兆地突袭我们的营地！

Bear Warrior:    I hope you get a better shot at being a hero than I did. Strike the Baron for us all!
熊战士：希望你能比我更有机会成为英雄。为我们所有人，击倒男爵吧！

Bear Warrior:    I'll end up scrubbing the bathhouse if we return to Valc. Still, it's better than Hell.
熊战士：如果回到瓦尔克，我可能得打扫浴室。不过，这总比地狱好。

Bear Warrior:    Hail, Bonebreaker! I bet Hell is quaking under your boots already!
熊战士：致敬，碎骨者！我打赌地狱已经在你脚下颤抖了！

Bear Warrior:    Earth strengthen your arm! Strike the heart of the Baron and crown our victory!
熊战士：大地的力量强化你的手臂！击碎男爵的心脏，为我们的胜利加冕！

Bear Warrior:    We may die of thirst, but our axes won't! Let's keep them drenched in blood!
熊战士：我们可能会渴死，但我们的战斧绝不会！让它们继续浸染鲜血吧！

Bear Warrior:    We've fought so long and hard! Once we conquer the demons, everyone will honor our name!
熊战士：我们已经奋战这么久这么艰难！一旦征服恶魔，所有人都会敬重我们的名字！

Bear Warrior:    Earth's might, Bonebreaker! Give the demons and their human thralls no quarter!
熊战士：大地的伟力，碎骨者！给恶魔和他们的仆从留下零分！

Bear Warrior:    Whadaya think of the effigies? We should prop some impaled cultists around Valc too!
熊战士：你觉得那些雕像怎么样？我们也在瓦尔克周围竖立一些被钉死的邪教徒吧！

Bear Warrior:    The cultists barely opposed our landing. We crushed them like bugs and took the camp.
熊战士：邪教徒几乎没抵抗我们的登陆。我们像碾碎虫子一样击败他们并占领了营地。

Bear Warrior:    These defenses are pretty worn out. The inhabitants of Hell must infight quite a lot.
熊战士：这些防御工事已经破败不堪。地狱的居民一定经常互相争斗。

Witch:    Zura went crazy when she realised what Tiati had done. After Lith's precedent, I can relate to her.
女巫：祖拉在意识到提娅媞做了什么后彻底疯了。根据利思的例子，我能够理解她。

Witch:    Killing the Baron will resolve the demonic threat, but the corruption won't be going anywhere...
女巫：杀死男爵能解决恶魔威胁，但腐败不会就此消失……

Witch:    The Seed could help us understand how the corruption came to be... I hope it wasn't lost in fire.
女巫：种子或许能帮助我们了解腐败是如何产生的……我希望它没有被火焚毁。

Witch:    Our ship only had room for a few dozen troops. Grund picked us because we're the Division's finest.
女巫：我们的船只能容纳几十名士兵。格伦德选择我们是因为我们是军团中最优秀的。

Warlord Grund:    Stop wasting time, sergeant. We won't be able to hold this place much longer.
男巫格伦德：中士，别浪费时间了！我们恐怕撑不了多久了。

Warlord Grund:    Why are you still here?! Get your ass in there and get the job done, warrior!
男巫格伦德：你为什么还在这里？！快进去完成任务，战士！

Warlord Grund:    You better be prepared. The Baron is bound to have many tricks up his sleeve.
男巫格伦德：你最好做好准备。男爵肯定有许多诡计藏在袖子里。

Warlord Grund:    Poison won't work against demons, sergeant. Get whatever gear you can and move it.
男巫格伦德：毒药对恶魔无效，中士。拿走你能拿到的装备，立刻行动！

Warlord Grund:    This is the fight of your life, give it everything you've got!
男巫格伦德：这是你一生中最重要的一战！全力以赴吧！

Warlord Grund:    For the Iron Division! Return to us with victory!
男巫格伦德：为了铁军！带着胜利归来！

Warlord Grund:    Primarchs are the closest thing a demon has to gods. They embody every aspect of evil.
男巫格伦德：原教主是恶魔最接近诸神的存在。他们完美诠释了邪恶的每一个方面。

Warlord Grund:    Nobody knows how the primarchs appeared. They rarely involve themselves with mortals.
男巫格伦德：没人知道原教主是如何出现的。他们极少干涉凡人的事务。

Warlord Grund:    I don't like this primarch deal, but Lord Murguth insists that you obtain their taint.
男巫格伦德：我不喜欢这场原教交易，但领主穆尔古斯坚持要你获取他们的污染。

Warlord Grund:    Our tales only mention the requirement of demon blood to reach the Icon's throne...
男巫格伦德：我们的传说只提到需要恶魔血液才能抵达图腾王座……

Warlord Grund:    Never forget where your heart and honor belong. You are a warrior of the Iron Divison.
男巫格伦德：永远记住你的心与荣誉属于何处。你是铁军的战士。

Warlord Grund:    If you really must make deals with the primarchs, at least don't let them corrupt you.
男巫格伦德：如果你真的必须与原教主交易，至少别让他们腐蚀你。

Warlord Grund:    What? One of the primarchs asked you for an Elixir of Life? How did he... absolutely not!
男巫格伦德：什么？一个原教主向你要生命药剂？他是怎么……绝对不行！

Warlord Grund:    The primarchs are playing with you! They couldn't have known about the Elixir...
男巫格伦德：原教主们在戏弄你！他们不可能知道生命药剂的事……

Warlord Grund:    Do not insist, sergeant. I made myself clear. There are some lines that we don't cross.
男巫格伦德：别再坚持了，中士。我已经说得很清楚了。有些界限我们不能跨越。

Warlord Grund:    The Elixir of Life is a sacred part of our clan. I will not let it fall into demon hands.
男巫格伦德：生命药剂是我们族中神圣的一部分。我绝不会让它落入恶魔之手。

Warlord Grund:    If you're so curious about the Elixir, ask Breaza. I don't have time for history lessons.
男巫格伦德：如果你对生命药剂这么好奇，就去问布里扎吧。我不需要上历史课。

Advisor:    Make sure the forest is clear. You don't want to get flanked after you pass through the portal.
顾问：确保森林清理干净。穿过传送门后可别被包围了。

Advisor:    Make use of our presence here while you can. We won't be able to aid you inside the citadel.
顾问：趁现在利用我们的存在。我们无法在城堡内帮你。

Advisor:    Don't underestimate the Baron. Once you're inside his lair, he has every advantage over you.
顾问：不要低估男爵。一旦你进入他的巢穴，他将占据所有优势。

Advisor:    I'm sure Nithriel and the Baron are looking to backstab each other. Try to isolate them.
顾问：我确信妮丝瑞尔和男爵正等着互相背后捅刀。试着孤立他们。

Advisor:    We drafted a map of the area from the documents we found. The primarch shrines are marked on it.
顾问：我们根据找到的文件绘制了区域地图。原教神殿的位置都标记在上面。

Advisor:    We have cleared out the south coast but we don't have enough troops to hold a larger area.
顾问：我们已清理了南岸区域，但兵力不足无法守住更大范围。

Advisor:    The Baron's citadel lies past the northern forest. Most of the attacks seem to come from north.
顾问：男爵城堡位于北方森林以北。大部分攻击似乎都来自北方。

Advisor:    Mmm, there's a small port to the north west. They could ship in reinforcements from there too...
顾问：嗯……西北方向有个小港口。他们也可以从那里运送增援部队……

Advisor:    The demons have a giant salt mine nearby. Many slaves have met their cruel end there.
顾问：恶魔们附近有一座巨型盐矿。许多奴隶在那里惨死于酷刑。

Advisor:    We believe some of our own who were taken prisoner ended up in the mine. They're long dead now...
顾问：我们相信一些被俘的同伴最终也被关进了矿井。他们早已死去……

Tiati:    Zan?... is that you? I... I'm so sorry. I couldn't control myself... thank the Earth you survived!
提娅媞：瓒？……是你吗？我……我真的很抱歉。我当时无法控制自己……感谢大地，你活下来了！

Tiati:    I wanted to warn you earlier, but you left in a rush. Be careful... I don't like this a single bit.
提娅媞：我想早点警告你，但你当时仓促离开。小心点……我对这一切一点都不喜欢。

Tiati:    My connection to Nithriel has flared up. I can feel her at the top of the citadel... she's... evolving?
提娅媞：我与妮丝瑞尔之间的联系突然变得强烈了……我能感受到她在城堡顶端……她……在进化吗？

Tiati:    Something changed... it's like the faint dot in the back of my head has burst into a thousand more.
提娅媞：有什么变化……就像后脑勺那个微弱的光点突然爆裂成上千个。

Tiati:    You're walking into a death trap. But no death trap has stopped you so far, right? Good luck, Zan...
提娅媞：你正走向一个死亡陷阱。但到目前为止，还没有什么能阻止你，对吧？祝你好运，瓒……

Tiati:    I don't even know what happened... I just felt my mind invaded by Nithriel's whispers... and demands.
提娅媞：我甚至不知道发生了什么……我只是感觉我的意识被妮丝瑞尔的低语入侵了……还有她的要求。

Tiati:    Lith's betrayal makes much more sense to me now... it was so hard to resist. It almost drove me amok!
提娅媞：利思的背叛现在对我来说更有意义了……当时抵抗得那么艰难。它几乎让我精神崩溃！

Tiati:    Guess I know why Nithriel didn't finish me off back at the Crystal Heart... she needed a new agent.
提娅媞：我想明白了为什么妮丝瑞尔在水晶之心没杀我……她需要一个新代理人。

Tiati:    When the port assault started, Nithriel made her move... she made me steal that Corrupt Seed and flee.
提娅媞：当港口突袭开始时，妮丝瑞尔采取了行动……她让我偷走那颗腐化种子然后逃走。

Tiati:    She worked me like a puppet! I mustered all my willpower to blow the ship up... it was a desperate act.
提娅媞：她把我当提线木偶一样操控！我拼尽全力炸毁了那艘船……那是绝望的举动。

Tiati:    I somehow survived and woke up on the island. I'm so glad you made it! But Nithriel is here too...
提娅媞：我 somehow 生存了下来，在岛上醒来。真 glad 你平安无事！但妮丝瑞尔也在这里……

Tiati:    Since I can feel the warlock, I can track her too. This is why Grund spared my life and put me here.
提娅媞：既然我能感知到巫师，我也能追踪她。这就是格伦德为何饶我一命并把我放在这里的原因。

Tiati:    ...Nithriel and the Baron aren't alone. The shadowy figure... it is imprisoned inside the citadel.
提娅媞：……妮丝瑞尔和男爵并非孤身一人。那个影子人物……它被囚禁在城堡内。

Crystal Curator:    I'd love to join you in this final fight, but I must stay here and overlook the ward.
水晶管理员：我很想加入你们最后的战斗，但必须留在这里监督屏障。

Crystal Curator:    After all we've been through, I know one thing - If someone can kill the Baron, it's you.
水晶管理员：经历了这么多，我知道一件事——如果有人能杀死男爵，那一定是你。

Crystal Curator:    Retrieve the Crystal Disk at all costs. Victory is pointless if we return to a dying home.
水晶管理员：无论如何都要取回水晶圆盘。若我们回到垂死的家园，胜利毫无意义。

Crystal Curator:    Equip yourself well now. You'll have to use your weapons and artifacts to their fullest.
水晶管理员：现在装备好自己吧。你必须充分发挥武器和神器的力量。

Crystal Curator:    I hope Grund wasn't as harsh with you as she was with me. But she is right. We had orders.
水晶管理员：我希望格伦德没像对我那样严厉对待你。但她是对的。我们有命令要执行。

Crystal Curator:    I should have steadied my desire to recover the Disk... alas, we risked and we failed.
水晶管理员：我本该稳住想要取回圆盘的欲望……唉，我们冒险了却失败了。

Crystal Curator:    Our bloodlust is a double-edged blade. If we lose our wits, it turns against us.
水晶管理员：我们的贪欲是一把双刃剑。如果失去理智，它就会反噬我们。

Crystal Curator:    If Nithriel is here, then so is the Disk. We have one last chance to set things right.
水晶管理员：如果妮丝瑞尔在这里，那么圆盘也一定在此。我们还有最后一次机会扭转局势。

Crystal Curator:    I can't believe how reckless Tiati was, blowing that ship up. I pray the Disk is intact.
水晶管理员：我简直不敢相信提娅媞的鲁莽，炸毁那艘船……我祈祷圆盘完好无损。

Crystal Curator:    The Gods have shielded you from the blast!... your crystal amulet must've helped too.
水晶管理员：诸神已为你挡下爆炸！……你的水晶护符想必也起了作用。

Grand Earth Mother Breaza:    I see my prayers have been answered once again. So relieved to see you, Zan...
伟大的大地之母布里扎：我看到我的祈祷再次应验了。见到你真让我松了一口气，瓒……

Grand E.M. Breaza:    Saying our farewells? Don't make this too hard for me, Zan...
伟大的E.M.布里扎：在道别吗？别让这太难为我，瓒……

Grand E.M. Breaza:    Whatever you do, return from the citadel alive. Don't make me come after you.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：无论你做什么，从城堡活着回来。别让我去追你。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    I have no advice left to give. You've been long preparing for this... you know the best.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：我已经没什么建议可给了。你早已做好了充分准备……你知道怎么做最好。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    The warriors are waiting for you... and so does your destiny. Make us proud.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：战士们在等你……你的命运也在等待着你。让我们为你感到骄傲。

Grand E. M. Breaza:    You're looking for an Elixir of Life? Grund has one, but she'd never part with it...
伟大的E.M.布里扎：你在寻找生命药剂？格伦德有一瓶，但她绝不会交出它……

Grand E.M. Breaza:    Over five hundred rotations ago, the Iron Division was born from the Fountain of Life.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：五百年多前，铁军从生命之泉诞生。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    A group of warriors discovered the legendary fountain. The water revived our dying clan.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：一群战士发现了传说中的泉源。那水让我们的族群重获新生。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    The elixir flows in our very blood now, granting us strength... and life. A very long life.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：如今生命药剂已融入我们的血脉，赋予我们力量……以及生命。一种极其漫长的生命。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    We must protect the secret of our nature. The elixir is as sacred to us as the Crystal Disk.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：我们必须守护我们的秘密。生命药剂对我们而言神圣，如同水晶圆盘一般。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    The water enlightened our minds. It led us underground, where we discovered the Crystal Heart.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：那水启迪了我们的智慧。它引导我们深入地下，发现了水晶之心。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    Grund speaks true... we can't let the elixir fall into demon hands. It would be dishonorable.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：格伦德说得没错……我们绝不能让生命药剂落入恶魔之手。这将是耻辱。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    If there is no other way... I won't interfere. But think about it twice before you... take it.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：如果别无他法……我不会阻拦你。但你在……取走它之前，请再三思量。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    We broke the old orcish laws when we drank the water. And for that, we paid the price.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：当我们饮下那水时，打破了旧有的兽人律法。为此，我们付出了代价。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    We're exhausted from having to fly over the fire sea... it was quite a task guiding the ship.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：我们不得不飞越火海……引导船只的任务相当艰巨。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    There is no time to rest. We will grow this grove against all odds, until it drains us dead.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：没有时间休息。我们会不惜一切代价培育这片林地，直到它耗尽我们的生命。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    Now I see what Hell is like... if we don't slay the Baron, our home will look just the same.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：现在我明白了地狱是什么样子……如果我们不击败男爵，我们的家园将与从前毫无二致。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    Keeping this crystal ward alive is no easy task... if only we had our Sacred Disk back.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：维持这道水晶屏障的生机绝非易事……若能找回圣盘该多好。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    I felt something was wrong with Tiati. I tried to keep her close but alas, she slipped off.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：我察觉到提娅媞有些不对劲。我试图拉近她的距离，但无奈她还是溜走了。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    We did our best to heal Tiati's mind, but we aren't versed in the schools of self magic.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：我们尽力治愈提娅媞的心智，但我们并不精通自我魔法的学派。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    Our elemental might is great, but nature has laws. We don't cure madness, nor raise dead.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：我们的元素之力强大，但自然自有其法则。我们无法治愈疯狂，也无法起死回生。

Grand E.M. Breaza:    Be careful, Zan. You may be strong, but our foes are close to their source of power here.
伟大的E.M.布里扎：小心点，瓒。你或许很强，但我们的敌人正接近他们的力量源泉。

Minotaur Axeman:    The tunnel leading to Grund's camp has collapsed, you'll have to wait for me to clear it.
牛头人斧兵：通往格伦德营地的隧道塌了，你得等我清理完才能通过。

Minotaur Axeman:    *Sings* Strike the earth, strike the stone. Strike until the gold's your own!
牛头人斧兵：*唱着* 击打大地，击打岩石。击打直到黄金归你所有！

Minotaur Axeman:    Remember your oaths, warrior. You are here to remove the Baron, not take his place.
牛头人斧兵：记住你的誓言，战士。你在此是为了铲除男爵，而非取代他的位置。

Minotaur Axeman:    We are all doing our duty. Grund's warg has shown a temper worthy of a true warrior.
牛头人斧兵：我们都在履行职责。格伦德的灵狼展现出了真正战士的怒火。

Minotaur Axeman:    It took me a while to clear the tunnel. We should have brought more pickaxes with us.
牛头人斧兵：我花了不少时间才清理完隧道。我们本该带更多鹤嘴锄来的。

Minotaur Axeman:    I keep grinding my horns against the rock. Mining was easier when I was a calf...
牛头人斧兵：我一直用角磨蹭岩石。当年我还是小牛犊时，采矿可轻松多了……

Minotaur Axeman:    We may be few, but we're ready to fight to the last. Our sacrifices will be remembered.
牛头人斧兵：我们虽寡，却誓与敌人血战到底。我们的牺牲将被铭记。

Minotaur Axeman:    If you require access to the warlord's quarters, you better get her permission.
牛头人斧兵：若你需要进入男巫府邸，最好先征得她的许可。

Minotaur Axeman:    Mining is a rite of passage for our calves. Adults are too big to fit through a gallery.
牛头人斧兵：采矿是幼崽的成人礼。成年牛头人太庞大，无法通过隧道。

Minotaur Axeman:    I witnessed a cultist peeking at us from above the canyons. They are afraid of us.
牛头人斧兵：我曾在峡谷上方目睹一名教徒偷窥我们。他们惧怕我们。

Minotaur Axeman:    I caught that shady Fixer poking around here earlier. She's never up to any good.
牛头人斧兵：我早些时候抓到那个阴暗修复者在此徘徊。她从不做好事。

Minotaur Axeman:    I bet it was the demons who collapsed the tunnel. They don't dare fight us fairly.
牛头人斧兵：我赌是恶魔毁了这条隧道。它们不敢与我们公平决斗。

Minotaur Axeman:    It is an honor to be here. We shall cleanse the fire sea from demons and avenge our dead!
牛头人斧兵：能站在这里是莫大荣誉！我们将净化火海中的恶魔，为逝者复仇！

Minotaur Axeman:    *Squints at you*
牛头人斧兵：*眯眼盯着你*

Earth Mother:    *Chanting*
大地之母：*吟唱*

Lady Ingrim:    Oh, you found yeast? I'm cut off from the still, but once the tunnel is cleared, I'll get brewin'.
因格利姆女士：哦，你找到了酵母？我暂时无法酿酒了，但等隧道清理完，我就开始酿造。

Lady Ingrim:    Oh, you found yeast? This'll lift our spirits! I'll get brewin', drop by later for a drink.
因格利姆女士：哦，你找到了酵母？这会提振我们的士气！我会马上酿酒，稍后来喝一杯吧。

Lady Ingrim:    Fresh brew, coming right up!
因格利姆女士：新鲜的酒酿，马上奉上！

I also found this potion inside the yeast bag. Heh, you must have stumbled upon a smuggler's den.
我还在酵母袋里发现了这个药水。嘿，你一定是偶然闯入了走私者的藏身之处。

Lady Ingrim:    Hmm, I found this potion inside the yeast bag. A sign that you need to equip yourself well.
因格利姆女士：嗯，我在酵母袋里发现了这个药水。这是你需要好好装备的信号。

Lady Ingrim:    Sorry, praaks aren't allowed to drink here.
因格利姆女士：抱歉，普拉克人不能在这里喝酒。

Lady Ingrim:     I'd give you a drink, but the fate of our world should remain in the hands of someone sober.
因格利姆女士：我想给你喝一杯，但世界的命运应该由清醒的人来掌控。

Lady Ingrim:    You are more than prepared for this, champion. Your finest moment of glory is in reach.
因格利姆女士：你已做好充分准备，冠军。你的荣耀时刻即将来临。

Lady Ingrim:    My late lord would have yearned to be here now. I know he's watching. All our fallen are.
因格利姆女士：我已故的领主此刻若在场定会欣慰。我知道他正在注视着我们。所有阵亡的战友也都在这里。

Lady Ingrim:    Don't tarry. You'll have plenty of time for drinks and tales after you return. Victoriously.
因格利姆女士：别耽搁了。你返回后还有充足时间饮酒叙旧，胜利归来时再畅谈。

Lady Ingrim:    I couldn't miss the chance to be here and see my fallen avenged. We're living a historic moment.
因格利姆女士：我怎能错过见证战友复仇的机会？我们正经历历史性的一刻。

Lady Ingrim:    Icepeak will fight to the last drop of blood. One way or another, we'll carve a notch in history.
因格利姆女士：冰峰会拼尽最后一滴血奋战到底。无论何种方式，我们终将在史册上刻下印记。

Lady Ingrim:    Grund wasn't fond of taking us non-combatants here, but I made her a good point about morale.
因格利姆女士：格伦德本不喜带非战斗人员前来，但我用士气说服了她。

Lady Ingrim:    I may not have the best ingredients and utensils, but still, I won't let our army march hungry.
因格利姆女士：我虽缺乏最佳原料与器具，但绝不会让军队饿着肚子行军。

Lady Ingrim:    The cultists here look more malnourished than the usual. No wonder... all they eat is fungi.
因格利姆女士：这里的邪教徒看起来比寻常更营养不良。难怪……他们只吃菌类。

Lady Ingrim:    My family brewed fungus ale during hard times. The Brewer Guild has averted a lot of unrest.
因格利姆女士：我家族在困难时期曾酿造菌类啤酒。酿酒公会成功平息了诸多动荡。

Lady Ingrim:    Look who made it! Help yourself to what you can. Our champion needs to be in top shape now.
因格利姆女士：看谁来了！随意取用你需要的物资吧。我们的冠军现在必须保持最佳状态。

Lady Ingrim:    [...] pungent yellow root?... are you sure?
因格利姆女士：……浓烈的黄色根茎？……你确定吗？

Maid:    If it worked for my mother, it should work for you...
侍女：如果对我的母亲有效，对你应该也适用……

Maid:    This place is a nightmare. The ashes make me miss brooming some good ol' dust.
侍女：这里简直是个噩梦。这些灰烬让我怀念打扫些干净的灰尘。

Maid:    I don't even know why they dragged me here. Lady Ingrim said my presence lifts the spirits. Hah.
侍女：我甚至不知道为何把我带到这里。因格利姆女士说我的存在能提振士气。哈！

Maid:    These cultist animals always make a mess! They don't give a praak's ass about keeping things tidy.
侍女：这些邪教徒家伙总是弄得一团糟！他们连普拉克人的屁都不在乎，懒得保持整洁。

Maid:    Are you really going into the Baron's castle all alone? What can I say, may the Gods protect you!
侍女：你真的要独自进入男爵的城堡吗？唉，愿诸神保佑你！

Dwarf Militia:    W...what do you want... hic! Demon! Have you... come to take me? Hic! Hahahah!
矮人民兵：呃……你想干什么…… hic！恶魔！你……来抓我吗？ hic！哈哈哈！

Dwarf Militia:    Go on... hic! Drag me away in chains. Hic! I'll pick their lock when I'm sober, hahaha! Hic.
矮人民兵：去吧…… hic！把我用锁链拖走。 hic！等我清醒了就撬开他们的锁，哈哈哈！ hic。

Dwarf Militia:    Hic!... are you lost? If you can't find it in a cupboard, look it up in a book! Hic!
矮人民兵： hic！……你迷路了吗？如果找不到，就查书啊！ hic！

Dwarf Militia:    ...aye! Fate may lead you astray, but you own the legs that walk her path... hic!
矮人民兵： ……对！命运或许会误导你，但你拥有踏出这条路的双腿…… hic！

High Priest Jaromir:    How was the baptism in the sea of flames? Fire Himself has forged you into a steel titan!
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：火焰之海中的洗礼如何？火神亲自将你锻造成钢铁巨人！

H.Priest Jaromir:    The chisel rests upon the stone, waiting for the hammer to strike. Strike victory, lass.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：凿子已置于石上，等待锤击。出击吧，姑娘。

H.Priest Jaromir:    Don't let hesitation erode you. Your fate is already uttered, you need only write its words.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：不要让犹豫侵蚀你。你的命运已被宣告，只需书写它的篇章。

H.Priest Jaromir:    The millstone turns slowly, but it always makes a full turn. A new future is born today.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：磨盘转动缓慢，但终会完成一圈。今日，一个新的未来诞生了。

H.Priest Jaromir:    Do you need to hear more inspiring words? If not, then what're ya waiting for? Off with ye!
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：你还想听更多鼓舞人心的话吗？若不想，那还等什么？快走吧！

H.Priest Jaromir:    Demons keep throwing bodies at us. They feast on others' fear, but now... they are the ones afraid.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：恶魔们不断向我们投掷尸体。他们以他人的恐惧为食，但如今……他们才是害怕的一方。

H. Priest Jaromir:    Stay awhile and rest your heels. But don't rest for too long, or the demons will get us! Hehe.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：暂且休息片刻，让双脚歇一歇。不过别太久，否则恶魔们会找到我们的！呵呵。

H.Priest Jaromir:    You can't reach the Baron's citadel  yet because your heart's virtue trumps your half-blood.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：你尚无法抵达男爵城堡，因为你的善良之心战胜了半血之躯。

H.Priest Jaromir:    If the primarchs try to trick you, trick them back! That'll prove them you're demon enough.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：如果原教主试图欺骗你，就反将他们一军！这将证明你足够恶魔般狡猾。

H.Priest Jaromir:    The Queen of Wrath will have an easier time getting there... but can we trust her motives?
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：愤怒女王前往那里会更轻松……但我们可以信任她的动机吗？

H.Priest Jaromir:    Like icy water breaking the rock apart, the primarchs will undoubtedly try to erode your heart.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：如同冰水侵蚀岩石，原教主们无疑会试图腐蚀你的心脏。

H.Priest Jaromir:    I hope you built your walls strong, lass. May they protect your soul in the trial that lies ahead.
高阶祭司贾罗米尔：希望你筑起了坚固的城墙，姑娘。愿它们在即将到来的试炼中守护你的灵魂。

Dwarf Shieldguard:    Hey lass, here, I found this tank in a locker before we left out ancient town.
矮人盾卫：嘿，姑娘，给你，我离开古老城镇前在储物柜里找到这个水桶。

There ain't much water to drown in around Hell, but I heard the fungus caves to the west are full of gas!
地狱周围没多少水能淹死人，不过我听说西边的真菌洞穴里满是气体！

Dwarf Shieldguard:    Arf! Hell's worthy of its denizens. Look at this place! Despicable! Dirty! Barren!
矮人盾卫：呜哇！地狱配得上它的居民。看看这地方！可憎！肮脏！荒芜！

Dwarf Shieldguard:    If I slay two more dozen chaots, I'll surely make a name for meself! Let me at 'em!
矮人盾卫：如果我能再斩杀二十多个混沌生物，我肯定能扬名立万！让我上吧！

Dwarf Shieldguard:    Bonebreaker... is it true ya got yer name from wrestling down a warg barehanded?
矮人盾卫：碎骨者……你那名字真的是从徒手制服狼灵得来的吗？

Dwarf Shieldguard:    I already miss our lost town. At least the cold didn't make me want to throw my armor off.
矮人盾卫：我已经想念我们失去的小镇了。至少寒冷没让我想脱下铠甲。

Reaver:    I can't believe the lookouts failed to send a runner back! Grund should've sent me up there instead.
掠夺者：我简直不敢相信哨兵没能派信使回来！格伦德本该派我去那里的。

Reaver:    If the Baron is so powerful, why doesn't he just come out of his lair? He must be up to something...
掠夺者：如果男爵如此强大，为何他不直接从巢穴中现身？他一定在谋划什么……

Reaver:    Our forest scouts have located the Baron's citadel. It's guarded by a cursed gate that boils your blood.
掠夺者：我们的森林侦察队已锁定男爵城堡。它被一道诅咒之门守护，这道门会沸腾你的血液。

Reaver:    Not sure if I'm losing my mind or not, but I saw beams of light erupting from the citadel's direction.
掠夺者：不确定我是不是疯了，但我觉得城堡方向有光柱喷涌而出。

Reaver:    We would all love to challenge the Baron, but it looks like you're going to have to face him alone.
掠夺者：我们都想挑战男爵，但看起来你得独自面对他。

Workshop Boss:    Going up against the Baron? Remember, the mind freaks can't do shit against our sentry guns.
工坊老板：要对抗男爵？记住，那些精神错乱者根本无法对抗我们的守卫炮。

Workshop Boss:    What's up, big girl? Aren't you supposed to be searching for the primarch shrines or something?
工坊老板：嘿，大姑娘？你不是该去寻找原教神殿吗？

Workshop Boss:    This place sucks. I'd rather be sweating my ass over the Great Forge back home, thank you.
工坊老板：这地方真他妈糟糕。我宁愿在家大锻炉上流汗，谢谢。

Workshop Boss:    We couldn't carry our siege weapons here. We might have to... relieve the demons of their own.
工坊老板：我们没法带重型武器过来。也许得……从恶魔手里夺回它们的装备。

Workshop Boss:    I took a good look at the Paingun. Crazy how the demons have managed to copy our crystal designs.
工坊老板：我仔细看了下痛击枪。真是疯狂，恶魔居然能复制我们的水晶设计。

Workshop Boss:    I wonder if Nithriel... I mean she's an elf... and the crystals... and the temple you found...
工坊老板：我 wonder 如果妮丝瑞尔……我是说她是个精灵……还有这些水晶……以及你发现的那个神殿……

Workshop Boss:    It's hard to stay focused in here. I gotta hurry up and fix this sentry before our scouts return.
工坊老板：这里很难保持专注。我得赶紧修好这守卫，不然侦察队回来就麻烦了。

Workshop Boss:    Breaking this Paingun down was easy... now, to put it back together... ugh, I can't stay focused.
工作坊老板：拆解这痛击枪很容易……现在要重新组装……呃，我实在没法集中精神了。

Hectus:    You found an Iron-Bound Tome? Show me!...
赫克图斯：你找到了铁封典籍？给我看看！……

*Browses the tome and squints*
*翻阅典籍并眯眼凝视*

If only I had the materials to craft some of these weapons. Ah, but there is one little thing I can make...
若我有材料打造其中一些武器就好了。啊，但有一件小事我可以做……

A token of my gratitude. This ring will make you kick harder than a minotaur and punch like a god.
这是我的谢礼。这枚戒指会让你踢得比牛头人还猛，拳力堪比神明。

Hectus:    If you're going to challenge the Baron, remember - the sharpest weapon is your wit.
赫克图斯：如果你要挑战男爵，记住——最锋利的武器是你的智慧。

Hectus:    Warlord Grund was displeased with your recklessness. But yet, you emerged from the fire, forged anew.
赫克图斯：男巫格伦德对你鲁莽的行为感到不满。但你却从烈焰中重生，重铸了自我。

Hectus:    Watch how gently I strike. Steady your arm, and the steel will bend. Strike too hard... and boom.
赫克图斯：看我如何轻柔地击打。稳住手臂，钢铁便会弯曲。击打得过猛……砰！

Hectus:    We couldn't carry many supplies here. I'm forced to work with pig iron scrapped from the cultists.
赫克图斯：我们无法携带太多补给来到这里。只能用从邪教徒那里搜集的废铁勉强应付。

Hectus:    I am grateful for the tome, but it serves us little purpose other than being a peculiar showpiece.
赫克图斯：我感谢这本典籍，但它对我们而言除了作为奇特展品外并无实际用途。

Hectus:    Legends tell of an iron-bound tome with forbidden schematics that was lost in the libraries of Hell...
赫克图斯：传说中有一本铁封典籍，内含被禁的图纸，在地狱图书馆中遗失……

Hectus:    This is but one island of Hell's archipelago. How many dark secrets have the demons buried here?
赫克图斯：这里只是地狱群岛中的一个岛屿。恶魔们在此埋藏了多少黑暗秘密？

Hectus:    Meddling with the primarchs is beneath us... but I won't question Lord Murguth's findings. Carry on.
赫克图斯：干涉原教主的事宜低人一等……但我不质疑领主穆尔古斯的研究成果。继续行动吧。

E. M. Bendi:    Oh, dear, that's a lot of mana! I don't condone the use of cursed artifacts, but... just this once.
E.M.本迪：哦，天哪，这魔力可真多！我并不赞成使用诅咒神器，但……就这一次吧。

I kept these scrolls for desperate times, but now that we have mana, you can have them! Earth's blessings!
我保留这些卷轴是为了紧急时刻，但现在我们有了魔力，你可以拿去啦！大地的祝福！

Earth Mother Bendi:    Watch your step, please! The seeds have a hard time sprouting as it is...
大地之母本迪：请小心脚下！种子本来就难以发芽……

Earth Mother Bendi:    ...A Spirit Gem? Oh, right! Give me a moment and I'll have your Psi Crown recharged!
大地之母本迪：……灵石？哦，对了！让我稍等片刻，我马上为你充能心灵王冠！

There you go! This should protect you from the Baron's mind magic... at least for a while.
给你！这应该能保护你免受男爵的心智魔法侵袭……至少暂时如此。

E.M. Bendi:    So you're off to fight the Baron? Remember, he's a mind master. Shield yourself with the Psi Crown!
E.M.本迪：所以你要去挑战男爵吗？记住，他是心灵大师。用心灵王冠保护自己！

E.M. Bendi:    So you're off to fight the Baron? The Psi Crown would have been useful, but alas, you'll make do.
E.M.本迪：所以你要去挑战男爵吗？心灵王冠会很有用，但唉，你只能靠其他方式了。

E.M. Bendi:    The soil is cursed, no plant can grow by itself in this inferno. We're using magic to form a grove.
E.M.本迪：这里的土壤被诅咒了，没有植物能自行生长在这地狱般的环境中。我们正在用魔法打造一片林地。

E.M. Bendi:    Thanks for providing us with mana. It's nice that we won't have to drain ourselves to death... yet.
E.M.本迪：感谢你提供魔力。至少我们现在不必耗尽自己生命……暂时还行。

E.M. Bendi:    Water alone can't nurture the seeds here - mana has been helpful, but our reserves are spent.
E.M.本迪：单靠水无法滋养这些种子——魔力帮了大忙，但我们的储备已经见底了。

E.M. Bendi:    Our magics were aided by crystals when growing Valc's Grove. Without the Disk, we are feeble.
E.M.本迪：我们在培育瓦尔克丛林时借助水晶的力量，若没有圆盘，我们的魔力便微弱不堪。

E.M. Bendi:    The Cult is terrible at growing crops or keeping livestock. They rely on demons to keep them fed.
E.M.本迪：邪教在种植作物或饲养牲畜方面极其低效，他们依赖恶魔来维持生存。

E.M. Bendi:    There's nothing to hunt here. Except for demons, of course... but they certainly taste terrible!
E.M.本迪：这里没什么可猎取的……除了恶魔当然——但它们的味道显然很糟糕！

E.M. Bendi:    Did you know that demons can go without eating for ages? As long as they leech on peoples' misery...
E.M.本迪：你知道吗？恶魔可以长时间不进食，只要它们能汲取人类的苦难……

Fixer:    Not now, sarge! We've got demons to kill!
修复者：上尉！现在不是时候！我们还有恶魔要消灭！

Fixer:    I wonder who built these portals. They don't look demon-made, and cultists don't seem to use them.
修复者：我很好奇是谁建造了这些传送门。它们看起来不像恶魔所为，邪教徒似乎也不使用它们。

Fixer:    This island hides a lot of secrets. Have you seen the obelisks? They have some sort of code going on.
修复者：这座岛屿隐藏着许多秘密。你看到那些方尖碑了吗？它们上面刻有某种密码。

Fixer:    I think juxtaposing the obelisks' inscriptions will reveal the riddle. If only we could find them all...
修复者：我认为对照方尖碑上的铭文能揭示谜题。如果能找到所有铭文……

Fixer:    I heard ancient humans once fought the demons here. They must've long been converted into cultists.
修复者：我听说古代人类曾在此地与恶魔作战。他们恐怕早已被转化成了邪教徒。

Bear Warrior:    Give them no ground! For the Iron Division!
熊战士：给他们留不出立足之地！为了铁军！

Bear Warrior:    Hold your axe high, Bonebreaker! Strike the beast's heart, we'll keep the rabble off your back.
熊战士：碎骨者，高举你的斧头！击碎那怪物的心脏，我们会为你挡住杂兵。

Bear Warrior:    Hell looks scarred from infighting. Without the Baron's fist, demons would be killing each other.
熊战士：地狱似乎因内斗而伤痕累累。若没有男爵的拳头，恶魔们恐怕早已自相残杀。

Bear Warrior:    A week wouldn't pass here without some local pit lord trying to overthrow the seat of power.
熊战士：这里每周都会有人类深渊领主试图推翻权力中心。

Bear Warrior:    Cultists may be assholes, but at least they don't backstab their kin in the middle of a fight.
熊战士：邪教徒或许是混蛋，但至少他们在战斗中不会背叛自己的族人。

Witch:    Watch out for the Forge Elementals! They're trying to flank us.
女巫：小心锻造元素！它们正试图从侧翼包抄我们。

Witch:    The dark citadel is guarded by a blood gate. When we approached it, our veins began to burn.
女巫：黑暗城堡被血门守护着。当我们接近时，血管开始灼烧。

Witch:    Demons are masters of torture. Some things I've seen here make the testing labs in Valc look pleasant.
女巫：恶魔是折磨的大师。这里有些景象让瓦尔克的测试实验室都显得温馨。

Witch:    Cultists have grown accustomed to pain, so their masters need fresh spirits to feed upon the misery of.
女巫：邪教徒早已习惯痛苦，所以他们的大师需要新鲜的灵魂来汲取苦难。

Witch:    Nothing motivates a demon like hunger. The Baron has promised an endless feast through conquest.
女巫：没有什么能比饥饿更能激励恶魔了。男爵承诺通过征服带来无尽盛宴。

Minotaur Pyromancer:    Tread lightly, Halfblood. The dead have no rest down here, in Hell.
牛头人火系法师：混血人，小心行事。地狱深处的亡灵无法安息。

Minotaur Pyromancer:    The soil is cursed. We can't bury our dead here, so I preserve their bodies in amber.
牛头人火系法师：这里的土壤被诅咒了。我们不能在此埋葬死者，所以我用琥珀保存他们的遗体。

Minotaur Pyromancer:    Our fallen deserve a proper burial. But until we return home, their spirits fight on.
牛头人火系法师：我们的逝者应得体面安葬。但直到我们返回家园，他们的灵魂仍会继续战斗。

Minotaur Pyromancer:    A worthy warrior will live forever among the Gods. Embrace your death with honor!
牛头人火系法师：一位值得尊敬的战士将在诸神中永生。以荣誉拥抱你的死亡吧！

Wounded Fixer:    ...
受伤的修复者：...

Wounded Shieldguard:    Nay, I won't remove me armor! What if the demons gate in right next to me?!
受伤的盾卫兵：不，我不会脱下盔甲！如果恶魔们就在我的旁边开门呢？！

Wounded Shieldguard:    I'd rather die from one o' the blue babes. Me shield won't stop 'er bullets anyway.
受伤的盾卫兵：我宁愿被那些蓝色的小家伙杀死。我的盾牌也挡不住它们的子弹啊。

Wounded Shieldguard:    Have ya' seen them blazing? The pretty flesh burns off, leaving ugly bones behind.
受伤的盾卫兵：你见过那燃烧的景象吗？漂亮的肉被烧掉，只剩下丑陋的骨头。

Wounded Shieldguard:    Fifty of me ancestors died by demon claw! I've two more to kill to clear our name!
受伤的盾卫兵：我有五十位祖先死于恶魔利爪！我还要再杀两个才能洗清我们的耻辱！

Bear Warrior:    I can't believe you blew up the Baron's ship! Bet he had to fly for the rest of the trip.
熊战士：我简直不敢相信你炸了男爵的船！他肯定得飞完剩下的旅程了。

Bear Warrior:    We fished Tiati from a piece of debris. When she told us what happened, Grund locked her up.
熊战士：我们从一块碎片中救出了提娅媞。她告诉我们发生了什么后，格伦德把她关起来了。

Bear Warrior:    Thank the Earth you survived. We can stomp the serpent's body, but only you can cut the head.
熊战士：感谢大地让你活下来。我们能踩碎蛇身，但只有你能斩断它的头颅。

Bear Warrior:    The Queen of Wrath is already out there mingling with those primarchs. You better catch up!
熊战士：愤怒女王已经混入那些原教主之中了。你最好赶紧追上！

Minotaur Axeman:    Travel swiftly out there. Our foes have many doors, while we have few eyes.
牛头人斧兵：迅速行动吧。我们的敌人有无数门路，而我们仅有少数眼睛。

Minotaur Axeman:    Hell burns with the souls of countless sacrifices. If you hear them call, move faster.
牛头人斧兵：地狱因无数牺牲者的灵魂燃烧而炽热。若听到它们呼唤，就加快脚步。

Minotaur Axeman:    The hearth of the Underworld shall be purged of demons and restored to the true god - Fire.
牛头人斧兵：地下世界的火源将被净化恶魔，重归真神——火焰。

Minotaur Axeman:    Beware of deceivers. The most evil demons are not the ones who fight, but the ones who talk.
牛头人斧兵：警惕欺骗者。最邪恶的恶魔并非那些战斗者，而是那些说话者。

Fixer:    When the Baron's ship exploded, the fleet was thrown off course. Heh, you and Tiati caused a mess.
修复者：当男爵的船爆炸时，舰队偏离了航线。嘿，你和提娅媞制造了一场混乱。

Fixer:    We've travelled very far. I came all the way from the Parapet and ended at the bottom of the earth...
修复者：我们已经走得很远了。我从城垛一路来到这里，竟到了地底……

Fixer:    I never liked the Underworld that much. I miss chilling by the mountain side and watching the stars.
修复者：说实话我对地下世界并不太喜欢。我怀念在山边悠闲地待着、看星星的日子。

Fixer:    The Overworld doesn't even know what's going on down here... yet here's where their fate is decided.
修复者：上界甚至不知道这里发生了什么……而这里正是他们命运的决定地。

Fixer:    I never imagined I'd see someone jump from ship to ship like you did. Y-you're a real badass!
修复者：我从未想过会看到有人像你这样从一艘船跳到另一艘船。你这家伙真是个狠角色！

Fixer:    Grund yelled at us for leaving our troops behind. Hey, we were just trying to stop the Baron!
修复者：格伦德大喊着责备我们抛弃了部队。嘿，我们只是想阻止男爵而已！

Fixer:    She's right though, I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to be here. T-this place is so scary!
修复者：她说得对……我觉得我本不该出现在这里。这地方太吓人了！

Fixer:    The heat makes me think of the frost goblins who live near Icepeak. I'd rather be among them now.
修复者：这里的炎热让我想起住在冰峰附近的冰霜哥布林。我宁愿现在和他们待在一起。

Earth Mother:    We're all relieved to see you made it. I wish I could join you again, but I'm needed here...
大地之母：看到你平安归来我们都很欣慰。我很想再次加入你们，但这里需要我……

Earth Mother:    We're almost out of mana so it's back to using the good old plants to heal the wounded.
大地之母：我们的魔力几乎耗尽了，只能重新依靠古老的植物来治疗伤者。

Earth Mother:    At least I don't need to wait for the herbs to dry... the plants here are already dry as dust.
大地之母：至少我不必等待草药风干……这里的植物早已像尘土一样干燥。

Earth Mother:    I doubt I'll find any fae to shake dust out of down here. At least the fungi grow aplenty.
大地之母：我怀疑这里能找到任何妖精帮我抖掉灰尘。至少菌类生长得足够多。

Bear Warrior:    You worked wonders using the demons' cannons against them. I mean... you are a siege engineer.
熊战士：你用恶魔的大炮对抗敌人简直创造了奇迹。我说……你可是攻城师啊。

Bear Warrior:    You gonna go back to drafting catapult parts once this is over? War has changed quite a bit...
熊战士：等这场战争结束后，你会回去继续设计投石机零件吗？战争已经改变了很多……

Bear Warrior:    I fought to defend Valc. I fought to avenge our fallen sisters. I'll fight to save our world.
熊战士：我为保卫瓦尔克而战，为复仇我们的姐妹们而战。我会为了拯救世界而战。

Bear Warrior:    Argh, I'm thinking to much about home! We still have one more fight to make it out of.
熊战士：啊！我一直在想家！我们还得再打一场才能脱身。

Bear Warrior:    Iron shield you! With you back at our side, we have new hope to claim our victory!
熊战士：有你站在我们这边！有了你的回归，我们重燃了夺取胜利的希望！

Bear Warrior:    Grund scolded us for going after the Baron by ourselves. We did kinda give in to bloodlust...
熊战士：格伦德责备我们独自追击男爵。我们确实被复仇欲望驱使……

Bear Warrior:    This is a legendary moment! Our deeds here will forever remain engraved in stone!
熊战士：这是个传奇时刻！我们的事迹将永远铭刻在石碑上！

Bear Warrior:    Fight hard and we might become warlords ourselves... take on the mantle of our fallen leaders!
熊战士：奋战到底，也许我们能成为军阀……继承我们逝去领袖的衣钵！

Reaver:    We're close to putting an end to this campaign. I expect some desperate moves from the demons.
掠夺者：我们即将结束这场战役了。我预料恶魔们会采取绝望的举动。

Reaver:    I really hate Hellions and their Painguns... our shield amulets can't keep up with the bullets.
掠夺者：我真的讨厌地狱之徒和他们的痛击枪……我们的盾牌护身符根本挡不住子弹。

Reaver:    I wonder if guns will become popular with the demons now. So far, they've mostly stuck to magic.
掠夺者：我猜恶魔们现在可能会开始喜欢枪械了。到目前为止，他们大多还是依赖魔法。

Reaver:    The demon grunts surely love their Hellclaws. I heard the glove part is made from their own skin grafts.
掠夺者：那些恶魔杂兵肯定很爱他们的地狱爪。我听说手套部分是用他们自己的皮肤移植的。

Reaver:    It was great fighting alongside you, but Grund wants us to hold the camp, so you're solo now.
掠夺者：和你并肩作战真是一段美好的回忆……但格伦德让我们守住营地，所以现在你得独自行动了。

Reaver:    I don't regret us going after the Baron on our own... it was worth a shot, and you lived anyway.
掠夺者：我不后悔我们独自追击男爵……那是个值得尝试的赌注，而且你终究活了下来。

Reaver:    If the Baron didn't fear for his life, he wouldn't be holed up in his cursed citadel, right?
掠夺者：如果男爵不害怕自己的性命，他也不会龟缩在诅咒城堡里吧？

Reaver:    Nobody seems to trust the Queen of Wrath anymore. She obviously has her own agenda.
掠夺者：没人再信任愤怒女王了。她显然有自己的计划。

Witch:    For half a millenia I've worked on explosives and I've never seen a fireball as big as the one you caused.
女巫：我研究炸药已有半千年之久，却从未见过像你引发的那样巨大的火球。

Witch:    We earned a worthy victory in the port town, given they were surprisingly well prepared for our attack.
女巫：我们在港口小镇的胜利值得称道——他们居然意外地做好了应对我们攻击的准备。

Witch:    Zura must've had a fit when she found out the Seed was gone. Lucklily for Tiati, she's not around now.
女巫：祖拉发现种子失踪时肯定气得跳脚。幸好提娅媞现在不在场，否则她恐怕会闹出什么幺蛾子。

Witch:    I'd love to join you again, but Grund wants us here. After Tiati's episode, she's keeping a keen eye on us.
女巫：我很想再次与你并肩作战……但格伦德让我们留在这里。自从提娅媞那件事后，她对我们盯得很紧。

Eraanthe:    How did you even acquire the taints so quickly? And why are you rubbing it in my face now?!
埃拉安瑟：你究竟是怎么这么快就获得污染的？现在还故意在我面前炫耀？！

Eraanthe:    Oh, you want to tease me, don't you? *Pouts her lips* You're such a tough smurf, aren't you?
埃拉安瑟：哦，你想逗我开心吗？*撅起嘴唇* 你这个小精灵还真是难缠呢，不是吗？

Eraanthe:    In case you haven't noticed, I haven't given my sword away yet! Do you really want to taste it?
埃拉安瑟：如果你还没注意到的话，我的剑至今还在手！你真的想尝尝它的滋味吗？

Eraanthe:    Don't you have a Baron to kill? Afraid it's you who's going to die? Don't worry, I'll do the job.
埃拉安瑟：难道你没 Baron 要杀吗？害怕自己会死？别担心，我会替你完成任务。

Eraanthe:    *Gasps* You actually found it? Wait for me behind the antechamber, I'll be there in a moment.
埃拉安瑟：*惊呼* 你真的找到了？等我一下，我在前厅后面等你，马上就好。

Eraanthe:    There we go. Now, for my end of the deal... let's get this over with. I have a Baron to kill!
埃拉安瑟：好了。现在轮到我的部分了……让我们结束这一切吧。我还有个男爵要杀！

Elzriel:    ...hot.
埃尔兹瑞尔：……热。

Eraanthe:    You know... I've been thinking about your request and we might be able to help each other out...
埃拉安瑟：你知道吗……我一直在想你的请求，也许我们能互相帮助……

Eraanthe:    What? Adur wants you to bed a demonblood? Hah! Or maybe?... maybe we could help each other out...
埃拉安瑟：什么？阿杜尔让你和恶魔之血同床？哈！或者……或许我们能互相帮忙……

Gaun will let me keep my sword if I offer an equally precious one instead. A ruby sacrificial sword more exactly.
如果我用一把同样珍贵的剑交换，加恩就会让我保留这把剑。更准确地说，是一把红宝石献祭之剑。

I was given this key. Allegedly, there's a tomb down in the salt mine to the north east where the sword could be.
我得到了这把钥匙。据说在北方盐矿深处有一座墓穴，那把剑可能就在那里。

Be a dear and have a look for it. Save me the effort and I might just use that energy to help you out. Hmph.
做个好孩子，帮我找找看。省去我的麻烦，我或许可以用这份能量帮你一把。哼。

Eraanthe:    Why are you still here?! Do you want to work this deal out or not?
埃拉安瑟：你为什么还在这里？！你是要完成这笔交易还是想拖延时间？

Eraanthe:    As I said, the tomb is down below in the salt mine, north east of here.
埃拉安瑟：正如我所说，墓穴就在盐矿深处，位于这里的东北方向。

Eraanthe:    Now, I don't know whether the sword even exists or not. That's why I'm sending you after it.
埃拉安瑟：现在，我不知道那把剑是否真的存在……这也是为何我要派你去寻找它。

Eraanthe:    I'm still bargaining with Gaun, by the way. Hurry up and find that sword before the deal's off.
埃拉安瑟：顺便说一句，我还在和加恩讨价还价。快点找到那把剑，别让交易黄了。

Eraanthe:    A salt statue?! Really? That's it? Oh, he's given you an easy task just to spite me, I bet!
埃拉安瑟：盐雕？真的？这就是你要找的东西？哦，他一定是故意给你安排个轻松任务来气我！

Eraanthe:    What? Adur asked you to rut a demon and you came to me?... Hah! I'm not that desperate... yet.
埃拉安瑟：什么？阿杜尔让你和恶魔交配，你却来找我？……哈！我还没 desperate 到那个地步……至少现在还不是。

Eraanthe:    Dumb oaf! What were you thinking?! Blowing the Baron's ship only gave him a push to fly away!
埃拉安瑟：笨蛋！你当时在想什么？！炸毁男爵的船只会让他的飞艇更轻松逃走！

Eraanthe:    What do you want now? Can't you see I'm in the middle of something? Stay out of my pentagram!
埃拉安瑟：你现在又想要什么？难道你看不出我在忙吗？别碰我的五芒星！

Eraanthe:    It turns out we halfbloods aren't demon enough to enter the Baron's citadel. Us? Too pure? Pft!
埃拉安瑟：原来我们这些半血统者还不够恶魔，进不了男爵城堡。我们？太纯洁了？哼！

Eraanthe:    Must I really put up with the demands of the demon primarchs to prove that I'm worthy of passage?
埃拉安瑟：难道我真的要为了证明自己值得通行而屈服于恶魔原教主的要求吗？

Eraanthe:    I have already appeased four of the primarchs, but this maggot won't let me challenge the Baron!
埃拉安瑟：我已经安抚了四位原教主，但这个蛆虫却阻止我挑战男爵！

Eraanthe:    Gaun won't give me the taint unless I offer my sword on the altar. I can't relinquish my weapon!
埃拉安瑟：除非我在祭坛上献出我的剑，加恩才不会给我污染。我不能放弃武器！

Eraanthe:    Enjoy the time you have to catch up. Sooner or later, I'll convince this worm to grant me passage.
埃拉安瑟：尽情享受你剩下的时间追查真相吧。迟早我会说服这个虫子让我通行。

Eraanthe:    I won't let you steal my pleasure of slitting the Baron's throat! Stop getting in the way already!
埃拉安瑟：我绝不会让你偷走我割断男爵喉咙的快感！快点让开，别挡道了！

Reaver:    We're ready for action. Let's crush the demons for a thousand years to come!
掠夺者：我们准备好了！让我们为千年的和平碾碎这些恶魔！

Reaver:    Cleared the way already? It sounded like a hell of a fight out there.
掠夺者：道路已经清除了？外面那场战斗听起来像是地狱般的厮杀！

Reaver:    We're close! The portal is just to the north!
掠夺者：我们快到了！传送门就在北边！

Witch:    We're close to the portal! I can already feel my blood boil...
女巫：我们接近传送门了！我已经能感觉到血液在沸腾……

Lancer:    The portal is close! I can feel its foul aura from here.
长枪兵：传送门很近！我甚至能从这里感受到它的腐臭气息。

Earth Mother:    We're near the portal! I can feel the spirits of the sacrificed writhe already.
大地之母：我们快到传送门了！我能感觉到献祭者的灵魂正在扭动。

Bear Warrior:    The portal is right around the corner! Charge!
熊战士：传送门就在转角处！冲啊！

Fixer:    The portal is close! You can do it, Zan!
修复者：传送门很近！瓒，你能做到的！

Lancer:    This is as far as my body can go, Zan. Only you can end this war now!
长枪兵：我的身体已经到达极限了，瓒。只有你能结束这场战争！

Earth Mother:    We can't go any further, Zan. Only you can end this war! May the Gods protect you!
大地之母：我们无法再前进，瓒。只有你能结束这场战争！愿诸神庇佑你！

Fixer:    Urgh! I don't think I'm getting any closer to that citadel, Zan. You're on your own now!
修复者：呃！我觉得我离那座城堡越来越远了，瓒。现在你只能独自面对了！

Reaver:    This is as far as we can go, sergeant. Once you pass that portal, you're on your own.
掠夺者：我们只能走到这里了，中士。一旦你穿过那道传送门，就只能靠你自己了。

Witch:    Ugh. I can feel my veins writhe! I won't go far past that portal and live, Bonebreaker.
女巫：呃！我感觉血管在抽搐！我绝不会越过那道传送门苟活下来，碎骨者。

Bear Warrior:    I hate staying back, but we can't get past the portal. It's up to you now, sarge.
熊战士：我讨厌留在后面，但我们无法突破传送门。现在轮到你了，中士。

